In this lecture and in the coming lectures, we are going to understand virtual threads. But if we want to understand virtual threads, first we have to talk about monolithic architecture and microservice architecture. So first of all, what is the monolithic application or the monolith architecture. It means that essentially we are dealing with a single application with all the features, all the services, all the repositories and database related code and so on. And essentially we build the whole application into a single .jar file or .war file that will be deployed onto a server. The application is a single unit. You may guess that this is not the best approach possible, because if we have a minor problem with a given feature, then essentially we have to re-deploy the whole application again. And during the deployment the users cannot use the application. This is why microservice architecture came to be, which means that we split the monolith application into independent units. We have a shipping service. As you can see, all the shipping service related features: services, database related code were included in the monolith application. And essentially we take those features, we take the services, the database related code etc. and we create an independent application. Essentially, it is called a (micro)service that can be deployed independently. Then we have the inventory service that can be deployed independently, the login service that can be deployed independently. And this is exactly why it is so powerful. Because if there is a small issue in the shipping service, then we have to update the shipping service exclusively. We have to run the tests. We have to deploy just that single service, and there is no need to deploy all the other services. Essentially, this is why it is a good approach to break the single unit into independent chunks. This is exactly the microservice architecture. So we can come to the conclusion that modern applications are independent microservices that are communicating with each other with the help of HTTP. This is exactly what's happening with all the modern applications. Facebook, Instagram and all the applications are essentially microservices under the hood. So we can come to the conclusion that most modern applications have to communicate a lot with other services and with the database under the hood. And this is exactly the problem, because these operations, these are called input output operations, such as communicating with other microservices with the help of HTTP or making database related queries. These input output operations are usually quite slow, and the actual application has to wait a lot for these input output operations. So the conclusion is that if we use threads, then these threads will have to wait for other operations to finish. And for most of the times these threads are idle. And of course, this is not an efficient way of utilizing threads and the underlying central processing units. So let's take a look at a concrete example. So for example we have an HTTP endpoint to get all the vehicles. This is why it is a GET mapping. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with microservice architecture. I have an independent course on this topic. But anyways, whenever we call a given URL a given endpoint, then this method will handle that given get mapping. And what we are going to do is that first of all, we communicate with an independent microservice, the vehicle microservice, and we fetch the user associated with that given vehicle. As you can see, it is an I/O operation because we have to wait for the service to make the HTTP call and fetch the user, then we are going to validate the user. For example, this is a database query and again it is an input output operation, which means that we have to wait for the database to finish with that given query. And finally we get the vehicle from the database which is another input output operation. And we return with the result. So what does it mean exactly? If we use an independent thread, a standard Java so-called platform thread in order to do these operations, then for most of the time the thread will have to wait for input-output (I/O) operation because it waits for the HTTP response in order to fetch the user. Then it has to wait for database related operations, and finally it has to wait for another database related query. So if we use a standard platform thread, a standard Java thread that we have been dealing with in the past lectures, then essentially for most of the time this thread will have to wait. And of course it is not good because under the hood, the operating system related thread will have to wait for these operations to be finished because of the input output operations that block the given thread. What if we are using virtual threads? If we are using a single virtual thread, the virtual thread will be blocked as well. Because of these input output operations of course. But what's extremely crucial that virtual threads are handled and managed by the Java virtual machine, and every single virtual thread is executed by a standard Java thread, a platform thread, or a so-called carrier thread. And as you can see, a thread is not associated with I/O operations. So essentially the JVM will use platform threads in order to execute operations that are not blocking I/O operations. And whenever the virtual thread has to wait under the hood, the platform thread is released and it doesn't have to wait for the input output operations to be finished, which means that it can execute other operations and after the blocking input output operation, the JVM will find an available platform thread to finish the given operation. So this is the logic behind virtual threads that whenever there is blocking I/O operations under the hood, when the underlying virtual thread has to wait, then the JVM can release the underlying platform thread, which means that given thread will not be idle, it is not going to wait for no reason. Of course, you may pose the question that what does it mean exactly? What are virtual threads? What are carrier threads? How it is going to be executed under the hood? This is exactly what we are going to discuss in the next lecture. Thanks for watching.