In this lecture, we are going to understand the fundamental differences between standard or platform threads and virtual threads. So first of all, let's assume that we have multiple CPUs or multiple CPU cores that executes the operations. So in this case we have three CPUs, which means that three threads can be executed at the same time in a parallel manner. And if there are more than three threads, then of course the operating system has to make sure that all the threads will be executed with the help of the time slicing algorithm. Okay, this is what we have been discussing in one of the previous chapters. So we have the central processing units. Then we have the operating system related threads. So essentially when we create a new thread in Java, then there's going to be a new operating system thread as well, which means that platform threads are essentially wrappers around operating system threads. And of course there is the Java virtual machine related platform threads. So these are the threads that we have been talking about in the previous chapters. When we have been dealing with thread starvation, we are dealing with executor services and so on. We were dealing with platform threads. Every single platform thread is associated with a single operating system related thread that will be executed on a single CPU or CPU core. So every single platform thread tied to an operating system thread until the thread is not finished. Execution. If the thread is blocked, then the underlying operating system thread is blocked. This is exactly the feature of platform threads. This is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture, that if we have a single platform thread that executes input output operations and the input output operations are blocking the thread, then essentially the thread has no other option but to wait for these operations to be finished. And because every single platform thread is tied to an underlying operating system thread, when the thread is blocked, then the operating system thread is blocked as well. And this is exactly the main disadvantage of platform threads. And of course, if we create another thread, then that platform thread is associated with another independent operating system thread. But what's extremely crucial that every single platform thread is associated with one operating system thread? So this is why there are as many platform threads as the number of operating system threads. Okay, so one standard Java thread is always associated with a single operating system thread. While the thread is running, it doesn't matter if the thread is blocked, the underlying operating system thread is assigned to that thread. So it has to wait for the platform thread to finish execution. And by the way, this is the main disadvantage of platform threads and this is why they are not scalable. In the coming lectures we are going to talk about scalability, and we will come to the conclusion that we can scale our application extremely efficiently if we use virtual threads instead of platform threads. But anyways, we are going to talk about it later. Let's talk about virtual threads. Of course we have the central processing units or central processing unit cores. Of course we have the operating system related threads. No matter what threads we are dealing with. This is going to be a wrapper around an operating system thread. So operating system threads are there. Okay. Then we have the Java virtual machine. And within the Java virtual machine there are platform threads. These are the threads that we have been talking about in the past lectures. And now we can introduce virtual threads. As you can see there can be a huge number of virtual threads. For platform threads, there are as many platform threads as the number of operating threads. Why? Because every single platform thread is executed by a single operating system thread. This is not the case for virtual threads. The virtual thread is in the same virtual machine as the platform threads, and this is the main advantage. What if we have a virtual thread? Let's assume that we want to execute a given task with a virtual thread. What's going to happen that given virtual thread will be assigned to a given platform thread? Of course, the platform thread will be assigned to a given operating system thread that will be executed on. Given central processing unit. If the virtual thread is blocked, then Java Virtual Machine can save the actual state of the virtual thread on the heap memory. And by the way, it is a very small piece of information. So there are very, very few resources associated with a virtual thread. This is why it is extremely convenient and fast to save the state on the heap memory. And what's crucial that the platform thread can execute another virtual thread that is available. So whenever the virtual thread is blocked, it is not a problem because there are other virtual threads that can be executed by the given platform thread, which means that the operating system thread is no longer blocked. Whenever the virtual thread is blocked, then the virtual machine will assign another virtual thread and another task to the existing platform thread, and the underlying operating system thread will execute that operation. For the operating system thread, it doesn't matter what task it executes. When the virtual thread is no longer blocked, then the Java Virtual machine will find another platform thread that will continue with the tasks. This is exactly what we have discussed in the previous lecture. So as you can see, if we have a virtual thread that will be blocked because of input output operation, then essentially the Java virtual machine makes sure that there will be no platform threads and operating system threads blocked under the hood. So there's a platform thread that executes the first part of the operation, and after the blocking section there is the same platform thread. Or it may happen that it is another platform thread that executes other parts of the method. And this is why the blocking section is not a problem anymore. And by the way, it is crucial that when we are dealing with virtual threads, the platform threads are called career threads. You may have the intuition that it is called career thread, because it carries the task from the virtual thread to the underlying operating system thread. So essentially it is just an intermediary between the virtual layer and the operating system layer. Okay, so platform threads are usually called career threads when we are dealing with virtual threads okay. So we can come to the conclusion that one virtual thread may be associated with multiple platform threads at different times. If the virtual thread is blocked because of an input output operation, then the underlying platform thread is released and that given platform thread will handle operations from other virtual threads. This is how the Java virtual machine can eliminate blocking sections. This is the main advantage of virtual threads, and it is possible because it all happens within the Java virtual machine, and there is no need for operating system related operations and to block OS threads. Okay, so just to summarize again, the virtual threads are so lightweight that there is no need to reuse them. There's no pooling required. It is so easy and fast to create a new virtual thread and to dispose the virtual thread that there is no need to reuse them. There is no need to pull them. As we have seen in previous chapters with platform threads. Okay then. Virtual threads are cheap to block because no operating system thread is blocked under the hood because the Java virtual machine reuses the carrier thread. This is what we have been talking about earlier. And finally, virtual threads use very limited resources such as memory because usually it is used for limited operations such as for just a single Http request and so on. So we can create a huge number of virtual threads. We can dispose them. There is no need to reuse them. There is no need to pull them. This is why it is extremely convenient to use virtual threads. And this is what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.