In this lecture. Finally, we are going to create our first virtual thread. So after we have installed JDK 21 then we can use the thread class as usual. So if we have thread then as you can see we can create either platform threads or virtual threads. So we have off platform that returns a builder for creating a platform thread or a thread factory that creates platform threads. And of course we have off virtual that returns a builder for creating a virtual thread, or a thread factory for creating multiple virtual threads. As you can see, it is included in Java 21. So what we are going to do is that we create a new class. So right click new class for example virtual task. This is going to be a runnable. So we implement the runnable interface. And of course it means that we have to add the run method. And just for demonstration purposes we are going to print out system out and println. That started. And then we print out the name of the actual thread. So we have thread current thread dot get name. This is how we get the name of the actual thread. We will do the same after we terminate. So we finish with a given task. And of course, just for demonstration purposes, let's simulate some work with the help of sleep operation. So we are going to sleep for two seconds. So 2000 milliseconds. Of course we have to surround it with try catch because the sleep throws interrupted exception okay. So this is going to be the task just for demonstration purposes. And what we are going to do is we have this thread of course we are dealing with virtual threads. And we can call the factory method that returns with a thread factory. And of course, with the help of the thread factory, we can create as many threads as we want. But what we want to do is that we would like to call the name method. And as you can see, it sets the thread name. So just for demonstration purposes we will use virtual. And we are going to start with zero. What does it mean under the hood whenever the Java Virtual machine will create a virtual thread, the first virtual thread will have the name virtual and we start with zero. The next virtual thread will have the name virtual one, then the next will have virtual two and so on. Okay, so this is how we can give a name and the starting index to our threads. As you can see it returns with of virtual. But we can use a variable. We don't have to bother with the type of that given variable okay. After we have the builder, essentially we can start as many runnable tasks as we want. So we have a new virtual task. And just for demonstration purposes I will create another one. So we will create the first thread for executing one of the virtual tasks. And then we create another virtual thread for executing the virtual task. And if we do something like this and we run the application, then you can come to the conclusion that something is wrong. And the problem is that all virtual threads are daemon threads. And we have been talking about daemon threads in one of the previous lectures. If the main thread comes to the conclusion that there are no other operations to execute except for daemon threads. So no matter how many daemon threads are running in the background, the virtual machine will terminate the main thread. And this is why essentially nothing happens. So what do we have to do? The start method will return with the thread itself. So we have the thread t one. Or again we can use just the variable one and we can use variable for t two. This is how we store references to the threads. And then we can join. So essentially we can wait for those threads to finish execution. And of course these join throws interrupted exception. So we can surround it with trycatch. Or we can add throws to the main method. And if we save and run the application then as you can see it is working fine. The first thread has. Being started. As you can see, we have the name virtual and we start with zero. So virtual zero we started. Then Java starts the second virtual thread with name virtual one, and after two seconds these threads will finish execution. So this is the first approach how we can start a thread. So approach number one there is another approach that we can use. I will copy and paste it here. And essentially this is going to be the approach number two. And of course we can create multiline commands. And we just want to deal with the second approach. So instead of dealing with the builder we can use the factory. So essentially with the help of the factory method we will return with the thread factory. And then we have the thread factory. And instead of the start method we have a new thread method. The new thread will create a new thread. And it is looking for a runnable interface. And essentially we get the threads and then we have to join them. But of course we have to start the threads. So we have to start the first thread. We have to start the second virtual thread. And if we do something like this and we rerun the application, then we end up with the same result. We have managed to create two virtual threads. We have started the virtual threads, and then we wait for these threads to finish execution. By the way, if we have a void method that doesn't return with a given value, then essentially there is no need to create runnable explicitly because we can use a bit more elegant solution with the help of the double colon operator. So if we use something like this and we have the virtual task double colon run, of course, because the main method is a static method, of course we have to make sure that this is going to be a static method as well. But as you can see, with the help of the double colon operator, if we use it on a method that is void so that it doesn't return with any value, then essentially it is going to be a runnable like this. We don't have to implement the runnable interface explicitly. Okay. So this is what we are going to use. If we save and rerun the application, of course the result will be the same. So this is how we can create virtual threads. That is an extremely powerful approach. If we are dealing with a large number of input output operations, which means that there are several blocks under the hood and virtual threads can cope with this problem in an extremely efficient manner. Okay, so that's all about creating virtual threads. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about how to create large number of threads. We don't have to use pooling because when we are dealing with virtual threads we don't have to reuse these threads. There's no work stealing approach and so on. Virtual threads are so easy to create and so easy to dispose that we don't want to reuse virtual threads. This is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture. Thanks for watching.