In this lecture we are going to compare platform threads and virtual threads, and we will come to the conclusion that why using virtual threads is so powerful. So first of all, let's create a for loop integer I is equals to zero, I is less than, for example a thousand. And of course we increment I by one. And I would like to create new threads. So thread off platform. Essentially this is how we create standard threads. And I would like to start. And here instead of defining a runnable we are going to define a lambda function that we will execute. And of course here we have thread dot sleep for example for five seconds. So duration of second five. Of course we have to handle the interrupted exception. So let's surround it with try catch. And if we do something like this and we save and run the application, then of course it is going to be just fine. By the way, we can print out system out and print line that started and we append thread current thread. So this is how we print out the name of the actual thread. If I save and rerun. And as you can see, we can run a large number of platform threads. If I want to run 4000 platform threads, it is going to be just fine. But if I want to run, for example, 10,000 threads, then there's going to be an exception. This is exactly what I was expecting. We have an out of memory error, unable to create native thread, possibly out of memory or process resource of course, because if we use 10,000 threads and we wait, then the operating system related threads are blocked as well. And essentially those threads are not able to execute other operations because they are waiting for the thread to finish execution. On the other hand, if we want to use virtual threads, then we have to use executor service. So executor service service is equals to executors new virtual thread per task executor. And of course we can import executor service or we can use variable okay. And here what do we have to do. We have to use service submit a new task. And we can use the lambda function as usual to create a large number of virtual threads. And what do we want to do? Essentially we want to sleep for duration of seconds, for example. 10s. And if I do something like that, of course we have to handle the interrupted exception as usual. And of course I would like to print out so system out and print line thread. Plus we have the thread dot current thread. So this is how we print out the name. If we do something like this and we create 10,000 virtual threads and every single thread will sleep for one second, then what's going to happen if we save and run it? Then as you can see, it is working fine. If we create 10 million virtual threads then it is going to be just fine. As you can see, these operations are executed one by one. And of course it works fine because there's a blocking operation under the hood. Whenever we call the sleep method. And this is exactly why virtual threads are so powerful, because the underlying operating system thread is not going to be blocked because the Java virtual machine will assign another operation and another virtual thread to that given operating system thread. And this is why, essentially, we can create an extremely large amount of virtual threads that will be handled by just a few underlying operating system threads. This is exactly why virtual threads are so powerful. Thanks for watching.