In the previous lecture, we have seen how to create a virtual thread related factory, how to create new threads. Then we had to start these threads and we have to join them because all virtual threads are essentially daemon threads. And if we do not wait for these threads to be finished, then the main thread will terminate the application immediately. So this is the second approach to create threads. And this is not that convenient as well. So what do we have to do? First of all I get rid of these and then we can take a look at the executor service related code. So we have been talking about executors in the previous lectures and executor services. We came to the conclusion that it is extremely powerful because we can manage multiple platform threads. There is the so called work stealing algorithm that makes sure that these threads will be managed in an extremely efficient manner. Whenever a given thread is idle, then the executor service will provide some operations to that given thread, and so on. What's crucial that for virtual threads, we are not going to reuse them because they are so lightweight. We just want to create an independent virtual thread for every single task. But anyways, we can do it with the help of executors. But it is crucial to know that essentially we are not going to use a thread pool under the hood. So what we can do is we can use an executor service executor is equals to executors, and we can use a new virtual thread per task executor. But we are not going to do that. Why? Because virtual threads are daemon threads. We would like to make sure that we wait for these threads to finish execution, and this is exactly why the try with resource approach is extremely powerful. Because if we use try and within the try block, we use the executor service and we create the new virtual thread per task executor. By the way, again we can use a variable. We don't have to define executor service explicitly. If we do something like this, then this try block makes sure that whenever we create and submit a new virtual thread, the executor service will wait for that given thread to finish. Essentially, we don't have to call the join method on the threads. This is why it is so convenient. What do we have to do? We have to use the executor and we just have to submit tasks. Whenever we call the submit method under the hood, a new virtual thread will be submitted. And then because of the try with resource approach, the executor service will join that given thread, which means that we will wait for that given thread to finish execution. And what do we have to do? We just have to use virtual task and we have the run method. And of course we can submit as many tasks as we want. Just for demonstration purposes, let's create three virtual threads okay. So if I save and rerun the application, as you can see three tasks have been started. These are the three independent virtual threads. And then the three virtual threads has finished. Okay. So this is how we can use the try with resource approach to create a new virtual thread per task executor. We just have to submit a new thread and the executor service will wait for that given thread to finish execution. This is when the executor service can shut down itself. We are not going to reuse these virtual threads, because we will use a virtual thread associated with every single task. This is an extremely convenient way to start virtual threads. Thanks for watching.