In this lecture we are going to talk about futures. So why do we need futures in Java multithreading. Let's assume that we have the main thread. And then we create another thread. For example with the help of an executor service we submit a given task and we are expecting a given result. So as you can see, we are waiting for the result that will be returned by an independent thread. That thread is executed and handled by an executor service. There may be multiple threads managed by the given executor service, and then some point in the future we will get the result. Essentially, this is why it is called future, because it contains a value that will be available in the future. And as you may guess, there are several problems with this approach. First of all, that the thread pool. So the executor service doesn't notify the future object when the value is available. So we cannot chain operations and combine the results as we will see with Completeable futures. And because of that, the main thread has no other option but to wait for the result to be available. So let's take a look at another example. We have the main thread. Then we submit a given task. And of course we need that given value in order to make a given calculation. So we need the value in the future. But of course that value is being calculated in the thread pool. So if we call the get method we are going to take a look at a concrete example. And it will be clear that if we call the get method, then the main thread will be blocked until the thread pool returns with the value, and we can get that value from the future object. And of course, the problem is that if we use this Get method, then it blocks the main thread, which is not a good approach. By the way, this is exactly why I wanted to talk a bit about futures, because with the advent of virtual threads, essentially these blocking operations are not a problem anymore because if we are using virtual threads, then the Java virtual machine will assign another virtual thread related operation to the underlying operating system thread. And essentially no operating system thread will be idle and no operating system thread will be blocked. But in the past 20 years, as Java developers, we had to avoid using the join method because this is how we block the main thread. And of course, if we block the main thread then the main thread will be idle. It has no other option but to wait for the thread pool to return with the value. With the help of the future object. Okay, so let's take a look at a concrete example. We have an executor service. This is the executor and we have the executors new for example fixed thread pool. And we create five threads just for demonstration purposes. So it has nothing to do with virtual threads. First I would like to talk a bit about futures. That was the standard approach in the past years. So let's import executor service. And of course there's no need for the new operator. Of course, after that we can create a new task. So we have another class. This is the future task. So far we have been talking about the runnable interface. The runnable interface has a single run method. And as you can see the run method is void. But now we can use the callable method and here we can specify the type. So if we use string then what does it mean that instead of the void run method we have to add an unimplemented call method. And as you can see, the return type is the same as we have defined here. So essentially we are going to return with a string. And just for demonstration purposes I print out that starting callable. Then we have thread dot sleep for two seconds. As you can see there is no need to use try catch blocks as the call method automatically throws exception. And finally I print out that finishing callable and then we have to return with a given string. So callable finished. So this is the callable interface. And now we can come to the. Illusion that with the help of the execute method, we can execute runnable interfaces, and with the help of the submit method, we can execute both callable and runnable interfaces. Of course, because the future task implements the callable interface, this is why we can instantiate a new future task and it will be just fine. And this is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that it returns with a future of string. So essentially we can wait for the result. So whenever we submit a given task, first of all let's import future. Then as you can see it will return with a future of string. And essentially in the future task we define that. First we will print out starting callable. Then we wait for two seconds. Then we finish callable. And finally we return with the string. So essentially when we submit that given task, then under the hood the executor service will execute this future task with a given thread. And then after two seconds it will be available. So what does it mean? We can use the get method. It will return with a result which is a string. Of course we have to add throws, so we have to deal with execution exception which is a wrapper around whatever exception is thrown in our future task. And then we can print out system out and print again the result. So if we do something like this we save and run it starting callable, finishing callable. And we print out the result which is callable finished. By the way here we can return with whatever we want. This is the result. If we do something like this and we rerun the application. And as you can see this is the string that we print out. And the problem is that if we call get it blocks the main thread. So the main thread has no other option but to wait for the future task to finish execution. Okay. And by the way, we can check that if result is done while the result is not done. So essentially, while the future doesn't contain the given result, which is a string, in this case we can print out that main thread is waiting for the result. And of course, while the result is not done, so the is done method returns true if this task completed. So essentially, while it is not completed, this is when the main thread is waiting. Okay, so if we save and rerun the application then as you can see the main thread is waiting for two seconds and after that the result is present. Okay, so this is how we can deal with the callable interface that returns with a given value. And essentially this is how we can get the value that will be present in the future. And this was the main disadvantage of futures that when we call the get method then the main thread is in a blocked state, which is not a good approach. In the next lecture we are going to talk about Completable futures, and then we are going to talk about how virtual thread changed everything, how we handle futures, callable interfaces, runnable interfaces, completable futures and so on. Thanks for watching.