In this lecture we are going to talk about another example how to use Completeable futures. So how to combine the result from multiple Completeable futures. First of all, we have a completeable future. And as usual we can call supply async method. And just for demonstration purposes we return with a string immediately. So hello. And then we have the then combine method. Again we create another Completablefuture and we supply async. In this case this is another string with value word. And then we can define that how we want to combine the two strings. Essentially we have S1 which is the first string. We have s2 as the second string. And then I use something like this. Yes. And we just want to combine. So essentially concatenate the two strings. And then we can accept. And of course we can use system.out and println. And we print out the strings. So if we do something like this we save and run the application. Then essentially we have managed to concatenate two strings with the help of two independent completeable futures. And of course we can use whatever we want. So we can use then apply. And here again we can transform the string to uppercase letters just for demonstration purposes. If we do something like this, as you can see we have Hello world with uppercase letters. So what does it mean? First of all, we create a string with the help of a given thread. Then we have another completeable future and we create another string. And because we combine the two completeable futures, we have to define that how we want to combine them. Essentially, this is the result from the first completeable future. This is the result from the second completeable future. And we would like to concatenate the two strings. Of course, we can use whatever we want, we can define any operation. And if I do something like that then as you can see it is working fine. Something like this. And here we don't use whitespace characters. And this is exactly what we have defined here. And then we can apply as many operations as we want. So this is how we can combine the results of multiple completeable futures. And this is exactly what we want. And let's take a look at another example. What if we would like to run db query on a given thread. Then we want to run rest query on another thread, and then we want to combine the results. Again we can use an executor service, and if we use the try with resource approach such as we have the service which is equals to executors dot new virtual thread per task executor. Then essentially this is the so-called try with resource approach. And this approach closes and shuts down the threads automatically. So the threads will be executed for sure, and we will have to wait for them to finish. And what we can do is that we have a completeable future. We can use the supply async method. Here we execute the db query run method and we use the executor as we have defined here. So we will use virtual threads. So this is the first operation we want to execute. Then we can combine. So let's call the then combine method. We create a new Completeable future. And we can use supply async. So we will call the Rest query related run method with the help of the virtual thread executor service. And what we want to do is that we would like to combine the result from the DB query and the result from the Rest query. And this is how we define what we want to do exactly. Essentially we just want to concatenate the result okay. And we don't need that. So we have the rest query run then the service. And then we define the logic. And finally we accept the result and we print out. So we use System.out.print line. If we do something like this we. Save. What is the problem? We have db query. If we do something like this and save and run the application, as you can see DB operations started, rest operations started, DB operation finished, rest operation finished, and then we combine the result. By the way, if we update the DB query to return with Adam and we update the Rest query to return, for example 23. So if we rerun the application, then let's wait for the two operations to finish execution. And this is the result by the way, we can define a string result. And essentially we can call the join method. And the join method makes sure that it waits for both the threads to finish execution and returns with the result. And then we can print out the result and of course this is going to be the same. So if I rerun the application, the DB operation finished, then the rest operation finished and we get the value. And by the way, in the past the join method was discouraged because whenever we call join, then it blocks the underlying thread because we have to wait for both the operation to finish execution. And this is why in the next lecture we are going to talk about that. What is the best approach to use when dealing with virtual threads? Because when dealing with virtual threads, there is no blocking threads at all. Thanks for watching.