In this lecture we are going to talk about what is structured concurrency. So first of all, we have been talking about futures. In one of the previous lectures, we came to the conclusion that the main thread may become blocked. This is why it is a synchronous and blocking programming approach. And of course, in the past it was not considered to be a good programming practice to use the Get method, for example, because the main thread is in a blocked state. And of course, programmers in the past would like to avoid this situation. This is why asynchronous and non-blocking programming approach is a bit better, and this is what can be achieved with the help of Completeable futures. This is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures. We can create a completeable future. We can execute a given operation asynchronously, and it is going to be executed in an independent thread. And then we can chain operations that will be executed one by one in an asynchronous manner. But of course there is a problem with this approach again, that the submitted tasks and operations may be running indefinitely in an asynchronous manner, which means that we don't know exactly when these operations will finish. But of course, we don't want to block the main thread by getting the value and waiting for the value to be available. And of course, it is very hard to debug and maintain non-blocking programming related approaches. And by the way, with the advent of virtual threads, blocking states are no longer that painful because we know that under the hood, the Java virtual machine will detach the virtual thread from the carrier thread, and the underlying carrier thread executes another virtual thread that is available, which means that the underlying operating system related thread is not going to be blocked. And this is exactly the main advantage of virtual threads. So we can come to the conclusion that asynchronous and non-blocking programming is no longer that crucial, because we don't care if the main thread is blocked. And this is why structured concurrency is the new approach. So we create well-defined blocks and wait for all the threads to finish execution. You may think that under the hood, there may be several threads that will wait for the operations to be finished, but it is no longer a problem because the Java virtual machine makes sure that the underlying operating system thread will execute other operations. So this is why essentially Java programmers started with simple approaches such as the future object. Then they began to use complicated approaches such as completeable futures, non-blocking programming, and so on. And then with the advent of virtual threads, we can get back to very simple execution. By the way, in one of the previous lectures, we have already been talking about structured concurrency. When we define explicitly what threads will be executed. And as you can see, because we are using try with resources approach, this is why here we will wait for all the threads to finish execution. And it is no longer a problem because whenever a virtual thread is blocked, essentially the Java virtual machine will make sure that the underlying operating system thread is not going to be blocked. And this is exactly the main advantage of virtual threads. We don't have to deal with input output related blocking operations anymore. Okay, so in the next lecture we are going to talk about how to achieve structured concurrency. Thanks for watching.