In this lecture, we are going to talk a bit more about unstructured concurrency and structured concurrency. And then we are going to take a look how to achieve structured concurrency with virtual threads. So first of all, what is unstructured concurrency. Let's assume that we have the main thread as a platform thread. Then we create a new platform thread. Then within that platform thread we submit another platform thread. So unstructured concurrency means that there are a large number of threads running that are hard to track. This is the case with asynchronous non-blocking approach. Usually straightforward error handling is not present and this is why orphaned threads may occur. What does it mean that, for example, we have a long running task associated with a given thread, but the parent thread is interrupted for some reason, and in this case that given thread will run for no reason because there is nowhere to return the result itself. So this is a typical problem with unstructured concurrency. And another problem is that parent child relationships are not defined among the threads. And this is the problem that can be solved with the help of structured concurrency. So what is structured concurrency? Let's assume that we have the parent thread or the main thread. Then we have a start scope. Then there are multiple child threads. There may be platform threads, but usually we are dealing with virtual threads. There is a join point where we wait for all the child threads to finish execution. And finally there is the end point. We are going to talk about it later, and we will come to the conclusion that these are the steps, and this is the architecture that we can achieve with structured concurrency. Okay, so the main advantage of this approach is that parent child relationships are well defined. We will come to the conclusion that with the help of structured task scope and subtasks, these are classes defined in Java JDK 21 that can handle parent child relationships. What does it mean that, for example, if there is some problem in a given child thread, then it can notify the parent thread immediately to stop all the others. Because usually we would like to make sure that all the child threads finish execution. And if one of the thread has some problem, then of course there is no need to finish execution of other threads because usually after the join point we want to combine the results of the child threads. This is exactly what happens with microservice architecture that for example, if we have a digital key microservice, then it will communicate with a user service or a vehicle service. Essentially, it will fetch some user related information and some vehicle related information. If all the data is available, then the digital key microservice can execute some operation. But of course, if there is some problem with one of the microservices, then there is no need to fetch the data from the other one because we need the data from both microservices. So this is a typical use case when we need the parent child relationships between the child threads and the parent thread. And by the way, there are several approaches that we can use. For example, we can wait for all the threads to finish execution before shutting down the structure task scope. We can shut down the scope when a given child thread fails, or we can shut down the scope when the first child thread succeeds. Okay, so there are three independent approaches. We are going to talk about these approaches one by one. But essentially the extremely crucial point is that with the help of structured concurrency, there are well-defined parent child relationships among the threads. And this is exactly why we can customize the behavior. So let's take a look at a concrete example. Let's create a task. So right click new class for example long process. And it implements the callable interface. And just for demonstration purposes we return with a string. So let's import java.util dot callable. And of course we have to add the unimplemented call method that returns with a string. Because it throws an exception. There is no need to use trycatch blocks. So first of all we sleep for duration of seconds. And. Three. What does it mean that we are going to sleep for three seconds? So essentially 3000 milliseconds, by the way, we can create a constructor. So public long process, we get a given integer time to sleep and we store it in a instance variable. So we have private integer time to sleep. And we have time to sleep equals to time to sleep. And then here instead of defining a given constant we can use time to sleep. And after that we can return with a given string. By the way, we can use the result as well. We have a private string result. And this dot result is equals to result. And here we return with the result okay. If I save it then let's create a new class with the main method. So we would like to use the public static void main method for example structured concurrency. And this is the first example. So let's use one. And what do we have to do. First of all we can use the try with resources approach. So we can define the scope which is equals to a new structured task scope. And of course we can define that. We are going to deal with strings. And of course we have to import the Java.util.concurrent structure task scope because we use a try catch block. This is why it will shut down the scope after all child threads terminate. This is exactly why it is a good approach to use. Try with resources and then we will create the result one which is equals to a new long process. And then we will create our first process as new long process. And we have to define the number of seconds to sleep. And the result for example result one. And then I would like to create another one. We have process two long process it will sleep for seven seconds and this is the result two. And then we have the sub task. This is the result that will be returned from the long processes. Of course we will return with strings. This is the result one which is the scope and we fork the process one. So essentially we submit the tasks in parallel and under the hood the structure task scope will create virtual threads. And by the way, it is crucial that we do not pull virtual threads. We create new ones for every task and we dispose them after they finished. So there is no need for fork join pool under the hood because we don't have to pool and manage virtual threads. They are so lightweight that we just have to create a virtual thread associated with every single task. So essentially every task we fork and then we are going to dispose them. Okay. So let's import subtask. And this is going to be the first result. Then we fork the other process. This is going to be result two. And finally we can call scope dot join. If we take a look at the documentation on first of all we have to throw an exception which is an interrupted exception. If the underlying long process throws an exception, then of course this is the exception that will happen within this join method. So this is why we have to throw the interrupted exception. If we take a look at the documentation. As you can see, it waits for all the started tasks to finish execution. After that we can combine the results and the standard approach is that the structure task scope will wait for every single thread to finish execution. This is exactly what we have been talking about. This is the first case that we wait for all the threads to finish execution before shutting down the scope. There are other approaches that we are going to talk about, but in this approach we are going to. Wait for all the threads to finish execution, okay? And then we combine the results so we can print out system out print line result one get plus something like this. And result two dot get. So if I save and run this algorithm as a Java application of course, then first we have to wait for both the operation to finish execution. And then we are going to combine the result. As you can see, the result one is coming from the first long process, the other is coming from the second long process. And now they sleep for seven seconds. So let's make them one second and three seconds. So this is going to be faster. And because of this join the structure task scope will wait for both these tasks to finish execution. And then we can call the get. This is not going to be blocked. So get will not block because the join waits for the threads to finish. By the way, the main advantage of sub task is that we can check whether there has been any exceptions or not, so we can check that if the result one state is equals to state dot success. Of course, we have to make sure that we import the sub task related state and not the future related state. So if we do something like this, then as you can see it works fine. For example, if it is success, then we print out the first result. And of course we can do the same with the result. Two if it is a success, then we print out result two. Okay, so if I do something like this, we save and rerun the application. Then we get result one and result two. As you can see, the join will wait for them to finish execution. So if we wait for seven seconds then it doesn't matter that the first process has already finished. It is not going to be printed out because the join waits for all the operations to finish execution. Okay, so this is the main advantage that we can check the state of the sub task. And by the way, if we take a look at this approach, this is exactly structured concurrency. We have this try with resources. So essentially this is the start scope. Then we submit the child threads in parallel. Then we call join. So we wait for them to finish execution. And finally because it is a try with resources approach, this is why it will shut down the scope. After all the child threads terminate. This is exactly what we have discussed a few minutes earlier. We have the start scope. We create and submit the child threads. Then we join, which means that we wait for them to finish execution. Then we execute some operation with the results. And finally we have the end point when we shut down the structure, task scope. And of course, you may pose the question that why is it a good approach? When we call the join method, it may happen that several threads will be blocked, but because virtual threads are used under the hood, the blocking operation is no longer a problem. Because if a virtual thread is blocked, then the Java virtual machine will unmount that given virtual thread from the underlying carrier thread or platform thread and the underlying operating system thread will execute other operations of other virtual threads. So it may happen that the virtual thread is blocked, but the underlying operating system thread is no longer blocked. And this is why structured concurrency is the best approach when dealing with virtual threads. If we are not using virtual threads, then of course the join will block the underlying platform thread, and the platform thread is associated with an operating system thread, which means that the underlying operating system thread will be blocked as well. But if we are using virtual threads, it changes everything. We don't have to deal with blocking operations anymore. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about how to use other variants of the structure task scope. Thanks for watching.