In the previous lecture, we have been talking about the structure, task scope, and we came to the conclusion that we can wait for all the child threads to finish execution. In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to terminate all the other child threads. Whenever there is an exception, we are going to talk about failure and in order to visualize the problem, let's have this long process and I will copy and paste it and let's give the name long process Fail. And I am going to update this long process fail class because I would like to introduce another variable boolean fail. And we have this boolean fail variable. And here we can set fail to be fail. It means that after sleeping as many seconds as we have defined, if fail is set to be true, then we throw a new runtime exception with name error. It doesn't matter. And what I'm going to do is that print out so system out, print line starting thread, and let's append the result just to be able to track that. What is the process that we are dealing with? If we throw a new runtime exception, then I print out that failure in child thread and we append the result. Of course we have to use curly braces, something like this. And if there is no problem, then we print out that finish thread and we print out the result. If we do something like this, then let's get back to structured concurrency that we have implemented. So this is exactly the same code as we have implemented in the previous lecture. But instead of long process let's use long process fail. And of course let's make sure that there is no problem at all. So if we have false then of course it is going to be the same. We start both the threads, the first thread is finished, then we wait for the other thread to finish, and whenever the other thread is finished with the calculation, then we keep going and we print out the results. What if there is a problem? If there is a problem? So there is an exception after one second because we use structure task scope, which means that the join method will wait for all the child threads to finish execution no matter what. If there is an exception, we are going to wait. If there are no exceptions at all, we are going to wait for all the threads to finish execution. So if I save and rerun the application, we start both the threads. There is a failure in the first thread, but it doesn't matter. We are going to wait for the other thread to finish execution. And of course then we print out the result. And because there has been an exception, the result one state is not equal to state success. This is why we do not print out the result. But of course, sometimes this is not the best solution possible. Why? Because there has been a failure after one second and we waited for seven seconds. And what if further calculations need both result one and result two? By the way, this is an extremely common approach when dealing with microservices. So in the microservice architecture these microservices are deployed independently and they are communicating with the help of Http requests and responses. And for example, it may happen that a given microservice fetches some data from the user service and it fetches data from the vehicle microservice as well. And then it will do some calculation on the results. What if the user microservice is not available? Then of course this Http request fails and the vehicle microservice may be successful. So we get the data, but it doesn't matter because we would like to combine the data. So we need all the results from the user microservice as well as from the vehicle microservice. So if we come to the conclusion that there is a failure, then we would like to terminate all the other operations. And this is exactly. Why this structure? Task scope is not always the best solution possible because we are going to wait for extra six seconds, despite the fact that we know that there has been a failure. And this is exactly why JDK 21 is so powerful. Because we have the shutdown on failure option. If we have this shutdown on failure, we can use join. If there's no problem, then it is going to behave exactly the same. We will wait for all the child threads to finish execution, but we can call scope so if failed. So as you can see we have. So if failed and of course we can surround with try catch. Just for demonstration purposes I will print out System.out.println. Terminating all the threads. So it means that if there is a failure in any of the child threads, other threads will be terminated as well. So if I save and run the application now there are no problems. So essentially we wait for all the threads to finish execution. And by the way, there is no need to check whether the state is successful or not because if the state is not successful, then it throws an exception. So after that we can get rid of this and essentially we can combine the result. So I will combine the result one get plus something like that result to get. So if I save and run the application because there are no problems this is going to be the same. So we wait for all the child threads to finish execution and then we combine the result. But what if there is a problem? If there is a problem after one second, then essentially let's see what's happening. There's a failure in child thread, so all the other child threads will be terminated as well. And of course because it is not completed, this is why there will be this illegal state exception. We can make sure that, for example, we do this operation if there is no problem. So if we do something like this and we rerun the application, then as you can see, because there's a failure, this is why all the other child threads will be terminated. And this is extremely powerful because we are not going to make a calculation that is unnecessary, because we know for certain that we cannot use the results of both of the processes. So essentially, whenever there is a problem, all the other threads will be terminated. And by the way, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that whenever we use unstructured concurrency, because the parent child relationships are not defined, we couldn't do something like that. We cannot notify the parent, for example, that there is some problem because when we use unstructured concurrency, for example, asynchronous approach, then we start a given thread and then we keep going. We don't care what happens in that given thread. There is no relationship defined between the parent and child. When we are dealing with structured concurrency, the parent child relationships are well defined. So whenever there is a problem with a given child thread, it can notify the parent thread to terminate all the other threads. And this is exactly why it is so powerful, because there are the parent child relationships defined. And this is exactly why we can terminate all the other child threads whenever a failure occurs. Okay, so this is how we can shut down on failure. Thanks for watching.