In the previous lecture, we have been talking about shutdown on failure, and in this lecture we are going to talk about another approach. So let's assume and it is quite a common approach that for example we would like to get a given value. For example we want to get the actual temperature. And of course there are multiple services available where you can get the actual temperature. But of course some of them are not that reliable. So the best approach is to call service one, then call service two, then call another service in order to get the actual temperature and whatever service responds first. That is what we are going to use. But of course, if we already get the value, there is no need to run the other task. So essentially, whenever a given service succeeds, then we are going to terminate other threads because we don't care what service will respond. First, we just want to get the value. And whenever we get the value, we terminate all the other child threads. Again, it is possible because the parent child relationships are well defined because we are using structured concurrency. Okay, so what we are going to do is that instead of shutdown on failure, we will call the shutdown on success. And of course, because we are using strings under the hood, this is why we use string. Here we have two processes. And just for demonstration purposes they are going to run without any problem. One of them returns after one second, the other returns after five seconds, and we are going to fork them. So we submit these tasks. Then we call join. And of course the problem, as you may guess that we cannot use result dot get because we don't know that what's going to be the first process that will return with the value. So this is why we can use the scope dot result instead. If we take a look at the documentation, it returns the result of the first subtask that completed successfully. This is exactly what we want. And of course the result will be a string. And then just for now, we print out the result. Of course we have to handle execution exception. As you can see, because it may happen that none of the tasks will end successfully. So just for now, let's surround with try catch. Okay. And if we save and run it, then as you can see, whenever the first result is ready after one second, the other thread will be terminated automatically and the algorithm stops and we print out the result. Because this is exactly what we can do with shutdown on success. Whenever there is a value available, then all the other processes are terminated. What if there is a problem? So there's going to be a runtime exception. Of course there is a failure in child threads, so we have no other option but to wait for the next result. And when the next result is available, then we get that value without any problem. So this is exactly what we expect. We are looking for the first available value, and in this case, because in the first task there is a problem. This is why the other task will be successful. And of course, what if there is a problem in both of the processes? Then of course there is an exception when we try to get the result because essentially there is no result, there is no task that returns with a valid value. So in this case I print out system out and println. There is no solution. So if I save and rerun the application, then we wait for the second thread to finish execution because the first one failed. And as you can see, there is no solution. Then we print out the value which is null of course, so we can do it something like this. And then no null values will be printed out. So if I save and rerun the application, then we can come to the conclusion that essentially there is no solution to this problem because no task has resulted with valid values. Okay, so this is how we can use shutdown on success. Again, it is absolutely crucial. Debt structure. The scope is useful because there is a relationship defined between the parent thread and the child thread. So this is why we can shut down on failure. We can shut down on success. And essentially there can be communication and callback between the child threads and the parent thread. Thanks for watching.