In this lecture we are going to talk about continuation and coroutines. And finally we will understand how virtual threads are implemented under the hood. So first of all, let's talk about standard methods or subroutines. Whenever we call a subroutine, the entry point is the beginning of that given subroutine or method, and everything that is included will be executed on a line by line basis. And finally, when the subroutine ends, it will return to the caller method. Sometimes subroutines can return with a given value. In Java, we cannot return any value, so essentially we just return to the caller method. This is a typical subroutine. What about coroutines? A coroutine is very similar to a subroutine, but instead of just a single entry point, the beginning. Essentially, there may be several entry points. So first, when we call the run method on the coroutine, then the entry point is the beginning of that coroutine. But if we call the yield method within the coroutine, essentially we will return to the caller method. And whenever we call the run method again it is not going to start over, but we continue where we left off before calling the yield method. And essentially we continue executing the coroutine whenever there's another yield method. Then the coroutine returns to the caller method again. So essentially there may be multiple entry points for a given coroutine. So we can come to the conclusion that coroutines may have multiple entry points. Whenever we call the run method, then we can return to the previous state where we left off in the coroutine, we can freeze the running of the actual process with the yield method. This is when we return to the caller. Of course, we have to store the stack frames with local variables and previous coroutine calls on the heap memory. This is how we can return to the given entry point within the coroutine, and in Java it is called continuation. So continuation is the object that keeps the stack and code pointer, so the stack can be recreated when the run is called again. And of course you may pose the question that why are we talking about subroutines, coroutines and continuations? And of course, because it has something to do with virtual threads. Essentially, with the help of continuations, we can implement virtual threads, because this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that when the virtual thread is blocked, then the Java virtual machine saves the state on the heap memory and the platform thread or the career thread executes another virtual thread that is available. Okay, so now another virtual thread is executed, and in some point in the future, the Java virtual machine again will continue executing the given tasks that are in that given virtual thread. And this is exactly what happens. We don't want to re-execute everything again, but we want to get back to where we left off. And this is exactly what can be implemented with the help of continuations. Whenever the virtual thread starts running, then essentially we keep executing the lines of the coroutine line by line. Whenever there is a blocking point, then the continuation calls yield. It means that the coroutine returns, and whenever the block is over, then we can call run again and we continue the execution of that given coroutine. So with the help of continuation, we can achieve virtual threads, and we can make sure that the underlying operating thread is not going to be blocked. Thanks for watching.