In this lecture, we are going to talk about why virtual threads and structure concurrency are extremely powerful in order to scale applications. So first of all, if we want to scale applications, then we have two approaches vertical scaling and horizontal scaling. So first of all let's talk a bit about these two approaches. What about vertical scaling. If we want to scale a given microservice in a vertical manner, then what do we have to do? Essentially, we have to add more resources to the single underlying service, such as more memory or more computational power. Usually it means that single service can handle more requests, so there is a higher request per second. Okay. So this is called vertical scaling. And there is the horizontal scaling which is a bit better solution. Horizontal scaling means adding more units or more hosts of the underlying service itself. So as you can see, instead of just a single microservice, we are going to deal with several instances of the same microservice. By the way, it is important to note that it is a bit more complicated because usually these instances share information with each other. So usually there is a database associated with every single service. And of course, if there are multiple instances of the same service, there are multiple database instances as well. And we have to make sure that the data is consistent. Now that we understood vertical and horizontal scaling, of course we can come to the conclusion that it can be done quite effectively with cloud providers such as AWS or Microsoft Azure. But of course, the problem is that these cloud providers are getting more and more expensive. If we want to run more and more instances. So if we want to scale our application, of course we are going to pay more. And of course, another approach before scaling our application with the help of cloud providers, maybe we should use structure, concurrency and virtual threads instead of platform threads. We can come to the conclusion that if we use virtual threads instead of platform threads, then we can handle 10 to 100 times more Http requests. Why? This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that most of the requests are handling blocking operations, such as database related operations such as Rest, call for other microservices, and in these cases, the underlying thread will be idle. And for example, the Tomcat server can handle 200 threads at the same time. And of course, if we are using virtual threads instead of platform threads, then we can handle way more requests because if a given thread is blocked, it is no longer a problem. Structured concurrency and virtual threads can handle these blocks quite efficiently, so we can use vertical and horizontal scaling. Of course, this is the standard approach. We can use cloud providers and it works fine. But with the advent of virtual threads, another approach to boost and scale our application is to use structured concurrency combined with virtual threads. Thanks for watching.