Now what about context and class space components? Well the first important takeaway is that you can still define it and provide it as you learned it. You define it by calling create context, maybe with some initial value and you then provide it by using the provider component which is part of that creative context object. And then you can pass a value to that and here it's actually a static value which never changes, but it also may change with state updates and that all doesn't change only the way you update state of course changes if you use a class based component, as explained over the last lectures. As a side note, if you want to follow along, attached you'll find the updated app component and this users context JS file which you can add into a newly created store folder. But back to that, here we provide as we learned it. The only part which changes when you're working with context is related to how you use it in your class based components. Now I haven't edit any code for using context up until now so therefore let's go to the user finder and think about how we could add it there. There let's say I no longer wanna work with the dummy users defined in this file, I no longer wanna get my data from there, but instead I want to get my data from context, because it's managed application wide. If this would be a functional component, we would of course used the use context hook for that. That's what we would do, but this is not an option here in the class based component because we can't use hooks there. Instead here we got two ways of using context. One approach was shown to you early in the course already. The context consumer component can be used in both functional and class based components. So in your render method you could import the users context, so add it here and of course import it from the users context file. And then simply add that consumer or access this consumer component and then use it as showed to you early in the course. Since this is used in JSX only it works in both functional and class based components. But the user hook is used so that we don't have to use this consumer component. So what's the equivalent to this? There is no perfect equivalent, I will say that right away. With use context, you can listen to multiple context in one of the same component by calling use context multiple times and pointing at different contexts. This will not be possible with class based components, because there you can only connect a class based component to one context. And you do that by adding a static property, by adding the static keyword here and then adding the property named context type written like this. And then you assign a value of users context here. With that you're telling React hey this component should have access to the user's context context, but you can only set the static context type property once so if there are two contexts which should be connected to one at the same component, this would simply not be an option, you would have to find some other work around like wrapping it in a number component or anything like that. With that said however, you can then simply access this context users in this case, in all the places where you need access to the users. And with that, it will again work as before as you can tell but now with context. So it is all quite straightforward to use but a bit less flexible than in the functional component world. Of course you will not always need more than one context per component, often one context is enough but if you do need more contexts connected to one component, then this restriction can of course hurt.