Now let's dig deeper into typescript. And for this, I'll add a new basics.ts file. In which we'll dive into some core basics you need to know about typescript. And for that, I wanna start with the basic types you can work with in typescript which you will need all the time. And that will be our primitives, which we know from JavaScript, numbers, strings and booleans. And then of course, we also have more complex types like arrays or objects, for example. And then we're there after we'll also talk about function types, parameters and much more. So that's generally what I wanna talk about here. And let's start with the primitives here. The primitive values we have in JavaScript are numbers, strings, booleans and also a null and undefined and also symbols. But we can ignore that. And number, string and boolean as well as null and undefined are the important ones therefore. Now if we have a variable, let's say, let's say the age of a user, and we wanna make it cleater, that India we wanna have a number. We can make that clarification with typescript by adding a colon after the variable name and then simply specifying the type of value that should be stored in this variable. And then we can finish this variable declaration here. If I then later assign a value, assigning a number is okay including floats, so numbers with a decimal place but assigning a string would give me an error. That's what we saw before with that function and its parameters as well. Now, of course, we can also assign a value here right away. We don't have to have this declaration without a value assignment. Both is allowed. Now we also can of course have a username which should be a string. And for that, we can assign a type like this. String is the type we wanna use here. And one important note here, in typescript it's number and string written like this with lower case starting characters. It's not number like this. We don't get an error if we use that but this actually points at the number object in JavaScript. We want the number primitive type which starts with a lowercase N, the same for string. We want the primitive type, which starts with a lowercase S and then of course, here we can assign a value. And we can also of course store boolean values like is instructor and add boolean as a type assignment so that their after, I may store true or false in that variable. And these are our core primitive value types which we can assign, in this case to variables before we also saw how we set types for function parameters. And we'll see more places where we can set types in the next minutes. Now, as I mentioned, we also have null and undefined as types, but we don't typically set something to be null. If I set hobbies to null here, then this would be possible. But then whenever I try to assign anything, I get an error which of course is not too useful. Instead we'll use null and undefined in a slightly different way which we'll learn about in a couple of minutes. So number, strings and booleans, are the core primitive value types we should be aware of.