Now type inference is great. And in general, up to this point we already learned quite a bit about TypeScript and its core types. But up to this point, we also always had the scenario that every variable took just one type. So we always had just one possible type that could be stored in a variable, just a number or just a string or just a boolean. And often that is what you need, but sometimes you want to allow multiple, different types. Let's say here for the course we might be fine with storing a string in there but maybe storing a course ID as a number should also be correct. It really depends on what you're building. It's not unrealistic that we could have a variable where both a string, as well as a number should be allowed or that you have some variable which should allow two different kinds of objects. And for this scenario, that you have more than one type which you want to allow you have a feature called union types. A union type is a type definition that allows more than one type. You add it like any other type assignment by adding a colon after the variable name, on the left side of the equal sign, and then your type. Now I mentioned that explicitly setting string again here would be redundant, but it's not redundant if you don't want to use the type inference here. But if you instead want to specify such a union type, hence allowing multiple types, you set up such a union type by adding a pipe symbol after your first type and then adding another type, like number. And you can have as many types which you want to allow here as needed, but here I just want to have string or number. And now you see that that error which we had down here before is gone, because now we are allowing a number alternatively to a string value. And of course you can use such a union type anywhere where you have a type assignment, not just when you're using type inference. I could also use a union type up here allowing username to be a string or let's say an array of strings, for example so that we have first and last name in an array, for example. That's also something I could allow here. Union types are a never key TypeScript feature which allows you to define more flexible values and types.