- [Lecturer] Now, there are a lot of other core TypeScript features which I do explore in greater detail in my TypeScript course. To come to an end here
for this introduction, so that we can move to our react example and see how we connect
TypeScript with react, there are just two last features which I wanna cover here. And that would be functions
combined with types, and then thereafter, generic types. Let's start with functions and types. And I'm saying function and types because when we work with functions there are different places
where types can be assigned. Let's start by adding a function here. Let's say the add function
again which we saw before. The add function can get
parameters of course, like any function just as I did it before. And then for these parameters,
we can assign types. That's what we saw before
here in this first example. Just as we can set types for variables we can also set types for parameters. We can make it clear
that here we wanna allow numbers for example. And then I can return a plus b. But with that we also have one inferred
type here in this function. And do you see where we're
using type inference here? Well, here in this function,
I am returning a value and that tells TypeScript
something about the return type, the type of the returned
value of this function. And it infers this type. We can see the type it
infers if we hover over add. Then we see the TypeScript
definition of this function and we see that, of
course, for the parameters, we have the two types. We set up the number types, but then here after this function name
and the parameter list, this colon here, and this type here, that's not coming from us. We haven't added this code. Instead that's the
inferred return value type TypeScript infers here. So TypeScript knows that
here it will get a number as a return value because
it sees that this code with these parameters which
are always of type number can only return a number. There's no other value
that could be returned. And that's why this number
return value is inferred. We could also explicitly set it though. We can set the return type of a function by adding a colon after
this function parameter list and then setting the return type here, like number, or a string, or a union type, that would also be possible. That's something we can
do, but just as before, if you don't have a reason for doing that you shouldn't do that. TypeScript already infers a type here. And if that's the type you wanna stick to then there's no need to
explicitly define it yourself. Still, I wanna mention
this, that functions, when we work with types,
don't just use types for the parameters, but
also for the return value. That's easy to overlook,
but it makes a lot of sense because a function after all
does not have just some input. It also has some output and
hence it has a return type. Now there is a special return type which is also worth knowing. And for that, let me add a print function where I get a value and that
could indeed be of type any because the only thing
I'll do with that value is I'll console log it. So I don't really care
about the concrete type of this value. I'm just logging it. Now one important note about naming this function "print" though, which I unfortunately only discovered after I named the function like this. Of course, in JavaScript, there's a built-in "print" function already, so now this function will clash with this built-in function and hence if you would try to compile this TypeScript file you would be getting an error because of that, so maybe just name it "printOutput" or something like that. to avoid that error! But the important thing
about this print function now is that this function
does not return anything. It has no return statement
and therefore it has a special return type called void. Void is basically comparable
to nul and undefined, but it's only used in
conjunction with functions and it means that this
function never returns. So if I wanna work with the returned value from that function, I
will work with undefined and that's that special
wide type for functions, for the return value of functions.