So let's delete those hard-coded Todos here. And now let's say we get some props here. And now my goal is that the props should have items or Todos prop, where I can then map through all those items to then output the list items. And you can already see here that now I'm getting those red squiggly lines here. And if we hover over that, we see that prompts is declared but it's value is never read. So we're getting a warning that we're not using props and that's a little extra help we get into TypeScript project which we don't necessarily get in a vanilla JavaScript project. We are warned if we have some unnecessary code, code that we're not using. And we also get this warning that the parameter props is implicitly of` type any. And that means that we did not assign a type here. We're not making it clear which kind of type disease and therefore we're basically not getting any TypeScript support. And that's why you can configure TypeScript such that it warns you if you are implicitly using any. If I now explicitly set this to type any, it would be okay. I'm now explicitly saying I don't have any more specific information about this props argument; it is of type any. It could be anything and that's then fine. But if you don't set this type explicitly, you are implicitly assuming that you don't know anything about that type and that's why TypeScript is warning us here. We shouldn't make this implicit assumption. By the way you can configure the strictness of TypeScript here in the tsconfig.json file. But I'll come back to that a little bit later. For the moment what we need to do here is we need to make it clear which kind of props we're getting here, what the type of props in this function should be. And of course, we can do this with a type assignment here. And now we could actually say that props is an object type. So we add those curly braces. And again, that's not a value here, that's a type definition. It's an object type and we know that props in React will always be an object with all the attributes we added on our own element here in App.tsx as key value pairs. So here we could say that we expect to get some Todos or some items and then in turn could be an array of strings, let's say like this. That's how we could say that props is an object with the items key, which then itself holds an array of strings as a value. But that would actually not be 100% correct. Props does not just have the key value pairs. we added on our component when we use it in JSX. Instead, props is an object which does have those key value pairs. But remember that they're also always as a special prop, the children prop and we don't even know the type of that yet. Now we could find out which type that should be and then added like this but it would quickly become cumbersome if for every component that we're defining that is using props, we have to always add those built-in props to that object and then also our custom props. And because that's cumbersome, and because we have that base prop object which we get an every component, which for example includes this children prop, React gives us a different way here or React and TypeScript gives us a different way here. We can use such a generic type, which you might remember. We can use such a generic type or to be precise, a functional component out of the box can be turned, can be converted into a generic function. Which then simply means that in the end our functional component will be configured such that we make it clear that it will be our React component function and that it will have all those base props like children. And we can then define explicitly our own props like the items prop, for example, here that should be combined into the props object. And if that's not 100% clear yet, I'll show you how it works. We can actually write this a little bit differently and use this arrow function syntax which we used throughout this course all the time. So that our Todos constant here holds this React component function. And now we can assign a type here to this Todos constant. And the type here should actually be React for which we need to import React from React like this, dot FC. Now that's a type defined in this React package or to be precise by this typesreact package but we can just import React from React and the rest will be done behind the scenes. So this is a type definition here. Now, if I hold Cmd and click on this or Ctrl and click on this, I see the type definition here. And I see that it's a function component which is yet another type definition built into this React package. Now what React.FC in the end does as a type definition is it makes it clear that this here is a function that acts as a functional component. That's what FC stands for functional component. And you see that now the red squiggly lines for props are gone. And if I now try to use props here in my JSX code and I add a dot, I see that I now get this auto-completion for the children props. So now, simply by adding this type annotation in TypeScript and my IDE therefore, which is very smart about that, understands that this is a function that receives a props object as an argument, as a first argument, which will be an object that always has a children property, a children field. And it understands does it knows this because of this type assignment here. Now I mentioned that generic types would be important because this is actually a generic type and we can now merge our own type definition for it as props object. So our own props, this functional component we'll get with those built-in based props like the children prop. And for this, we add angled brackets or after FC here. And then between those angle brackets we define our own props. Now, when we use angle brackets here, we actually use them slightly differently than we did before when I introduced you to generic types. There we used angle brackets to create our own generic function that has this generic type parameter if you want to call it like this, this generic type T here, which then could be used inside of the function, and which in the example I gave you then was inferred by TypeScript when we used that generic function. Here we're using it slightly differently. Here, React.FC already is a generic type. It describes a type defined by the React package that is actually generic. So that's type internally is also defined with those angle brackets. And here, when I also add angled brackets in our code, I'm not setting up a new generic type with some placeholder type T, but I'm plugging in a concrete value for that internally used generic type before that type T defined by that React.FC type. And I'm doing that here because here we can't let TypeScript infer that generic type as it did it in the example I showed you before. We can't let TypeScript infer the type here because here we're not calling some generic function with some parameters where the values then could be used for the inference, but instead we're defining a function and we want to let TypeScript know how it should then treat this function internally that it should get some props to find by us and merge those with some base props like the children prop which all functional components have. And what you see here, therefore, is the other side of generic types that you use a generic type and you explicitly set the concrete type that should be used for this usage of this generic FC type. Here, I'm saying this FC type is generic and the concrete value I'm plugging in now is my own props object where I describe my own props for this specific functional component. And it's generic because different functional components have different props definitions. And that's how we do that with React and TypeScript here, how we can also use this generic types feature. Now this angle brackets index is the generic type syntax here, and by adding it here, we actually unlock a feature built into this FC type, which we're using here, which we'll merge, whichever object type we're defining here with that base object type, with the children property. And here we could then say that we want to have items which has an array of strings. And what this does now is that here, if I, again type props dot, it still knows that there will be a children property at least that there could be a children property. But that we now also have this items property which will be a string array. And it knows that because we now merge our own prop object definition with that base prop object definition. And that might all sound super complex but it's just sounding like this because I'm explaining that behind the scenes stuff here. In the end, using it as super simple, you build functional components with React and TypeScript by using this React.FC type here on your functional component constant here, and then you use those angle brackets. And between those angle brackets, you define your own props your own prop object type if your component gets some custom props and then in the component, you can use those custom props. And here we can then use props items, use map, and we get auto-completion here for this array method because TypeScript knows that items will be an array because here we defined that it will be an array. And we can then map all our items and turn every item into a list item here where I output item and where I set the key equal to item. So for the moment my key will just be the string inside of this items array. And now I'll reformat that, and that's not as finished Todos component with proper type notation. Now, the great thing about using TypeScript with React is now not just that this is now more descriptive and we get the auto-completion here when we work inside of this component, though that's already pretty good. But then now you also see we have an error in App.tsx Because of our type annotations, React now understands or this project set up to be precise, now understands that we're using this Todos component in an incorrect way. Because I making it clear here, in this type definition of the Todos component that this component will have an items prop and this is not an optional prop. We could make it optional by adding a question mark here but then here, we need to handle the case that we don't necessarily have items. But here it's also not optional at all, and therefore we have to add it here. And that's another strong reason for using TypeScript. We can now really describe the shape of our components and which props they need and therefore using our components incorrectly. And for example, not passing in all the props that component needs is pretty much impossible because we get errors like this directly in the IDE now. So here I can now add my items and for the moment, just add some dummy Todos here, like learn React and learn TypeScript, we format this, and now all errors are gone. And we now see that output again, but now thanks to our props and those props now work properly. Thanks to our type annotations. And I did spend a lot of times talking about this type annotation, but I hope it's clear how it works and even more importantly, it's clear how you use it. And as you see using it is super simple. It's this type annotation, which you want to add to every custom component you're building. And then if you are using your own props, you add this generic type and you describe your props between those angle brackets.