Now we got started with our own components, with props, now let's refine this. At the moment, a Todo is simply a string, and hence a list of Todos is an array of strings. That could be what you need, but it would also not be unrealistic that every Todo is an object. An object with an ID maybe, with a Todo text, maybe a title and a subtitle, and then maybe then also more metadata that is attached to a Todo, like the author, the time when it was created, if it's currently active or not active? There are endless ways of describing a Todo. I don't wanna incorporate all those ways right now, but I definitely do want to refine it a little bit. And therefore, I'll add a new sub-folder in my source folder here, which I'll name, models. You don't have to name it models, you can name it however you want, but I name it models because I want to describe my different data models, my different kinds of data I'm working with in this project. And in there, I'll add a todo.ts file, not .tsx, but .ts because I'm not creating a component in there. It's also not in the components folder. And in this todo.ts file, I want to describe how a Todo looks like. And for this, I wanna create my own Todo type. Now, we can do this with the type keyword, there also would be the interface keyword, which we can used as an alternative. Or we create a class, which we then even could instantiate. And I'll do the latter here, but either approach would work. With that, I create a class Todo, and we create this class basically just as we would do it in vanilla JavaScript. Modern JavaScript has classes built in, and I'm just using that feature here. It's also supported in TypeScript. And now here we can describe how our class should look like. And here we now got some slight differences compared to how we do this in just JavaScript. Because when working with TypeScript in classes, if your class has different properties, different attributes, which you want to add, then you don't have to do this in the constructor, as you do it in vanilla JavaScript. But instead you can add them directly here in the class between the curly braces, as you're used to from some other programming languages, like C# for example. And here, I wanna make sure that a Todo object will always have an id and a text field for now. And for this here, I'll add my id field and then assign the type for that, which will be string here. And then I'll add my text field, which also will hold a string. And then I'll export this Todo class. And we're now getting some errors here regarding id and text. And we're seeing that the property text has no initializer and is not definitely assigned in the constructor. What this warning is telling us is that I'm defining a class here, which is meant to be instantiated, that's the main idea behind classes in general, but that those properties, which I set up and describe in there where I set the types, never receive a value, and we can make sure that they do receive a value by adding a constructor. This constructor could then also want some arguments and here I want to get the todoText as an argument because I'll generate the ID dynamically in the constructor then. And the todoText will also be of type string, hence the type annotation here. So now we've got type annotations on the properties and then here also on the constructor on the argument And inside of the constructor, I'll then set this.text = todoText. Whoops, todoText here. And I'll set this.id = an id which I want to generate here. And I'll just use a Date() here and convert this to a string. That's not a perfect unique ID, but it's good enough. So now whenever we create a new Todo, this ID gets created automatically. And now we have this Todo object definition, this class definition here in this TypeScript file. And that's very close to how this would look like in just JavaScript. In just JavaScript, we would basically not have these two property descriptions and we would just have this code, which would work in just JavaScript, but in TypeScript, when using TypeScript, you also have to define those properties ahead of time to make it clear which types of values will be stored in there. And with that, we can now use this Todo class. And we can use it in app.tsx, for example to create some dummy Todos. Here, we can have our Todos and that is an array and in that array, I want to now instantiate my Todos based on this Todo class. For this I'll import to do from ./models/todo. Again, you can omit the file extension here. And then we instantiate and create those objects based on the Todo class, just as we do it in vanilla JavaScript. We can use new Todo() here, twice to create two Todos. And then we need to pass in that todoText, like Learn React and Learn TypeScript. And now our Todos, this here, is no longer an array of strings, but instead an array of Todo objects. Now I want to pass that as a value for the items prop into Todos. And to accept this array of Todo objects instead of array of strings we have to change the type annotation here in the Todos component, because there I currently want an array of strings. Now, the great thing is that if you are defining a class, this class also acts not just as a constructor function which you can call to create new objects but also as a type. You can use your class name as a type. And therefore in the Todos component, I can import Todo from going up one level, diving into models/todo, and we can make it clear that items will be an array of Todos based on that Todo class, which means items will be an array full of objects that fulfill the description the definition of this Todo class. So full of objects that have an id property, which is of type string, and the text property, which is of type string or to be precise, objects created with this class as a constructor function. That's what we now want as an array here for this items prop. And that of course also means that if we map through the items, we no longer wanna set the key equal to this object, but instead probably to item.id and the text equal to item.text. And with this now, we updated todos.tsx. Now in app.tsx, we just need to use our Todos array as a value for this items prop. So here I'll now pass Todos as a value to the items prop to the Todos component. And if we do that, again the visual output does not change, but our code definitely changed. And please note that with all those type annotations, and all those classes we're using here, we are making it very clear which shape our data should have which shape our components should have. And that simply allows us as a developer to ensure that this code is clean, that it has a clear structure, and that's it's way harder to misuse our components or our data. And that errors can be prevented during development instead of at runtime, when we test the app. Because if we pass in incorrect Todos here, we get a warning right in the editor instead of an error, which we would then get at some point in the running app. And that's the benefit of TypeScript.