So let's now wrap up this module by also exploring the context API with TypeScript. For this, I'll add a new folder, store, which is not a must have, but the convention we used typically in this course, and there I'll add my todo stash context.tsx file. A TSX because I'll write some JSX code in there. Now, in there, we can start by creating the todos context by calling react, create context. And for this, even though it's technically not required, it's not a bad idea to import react to make it a bit more transparent where react is coming from here. Now, I'm calling create context here, and create context actually wants a default value, it wants one argument. And here it can be an object where we describe the shape of this todos context. And there we'll have our items, let's say, which will initially be an empty array. And then we also have the add todo function, which will be a function that does nothing here, and the remove todo function, which gets the idea of type string, and then does nothing. Now, at this point already, we can add more TypeScript logic because for example, items is an empty array here, and we again would have the problem that it's not clear which kind of values should eventually end up in this array. For that reason, create context also is a generic type. So we can add those angle brackets here after create context in front of the parameter list to better describe our context object. Because here between the brackets, we're not setting up some type definition. This here is some concrete JavaScript code where we create a JavaScript object with some properties. So here we're not setting up some type. The only type we're setting up here is this argument type, because I'm creating a concrete function here. To define the overall type of this object here, we need to use this generic type feature between the angle brackets, and then describe our context object type here. And here, we can now make it clear that items will now be a todo array. For that we import todo from the models folder and the todo file there. And now here we have a pure type definition. So here I'm making it clear that items will be of type todo array. And then I'm making it clear that add todo will be a function type that returns nothing. So that's the difference to down there, that's a concrete function definition with a empty function body. That's a function type definition where I'm just defining the return type of that function here, void, and no parameters. And then remove todo, which is also a function that returns nothing but that gets an argument of type string. And that's now my to do's context. Now I'll create such a context provider component as I also did it multiple times in this course, which will be responsible for managing that context state. So here I'll add the todos context provider, todos context provider component here. And that will be a functional component, so we should set this to react.fc as a type to make it clear that we'll store a functional component in there. Therefore we need to return some renderable content here, because that makes up a functional component. And hence here I'll return some JSX code. To be precise, I'll return todos context.provider. And then between that, I wanna output props children. And children is a default prop, so we don't need to describe this shape of props for that. Like this. Now, of course, here, in the todos context provider, I wanna manage my state for this context. So therefore in there, we wanna call use state. And for that, make sure you import use state from react, and manage the todos state here as we did it in app tsx before. And therefore I'll actually copy or cut all that code from the app component, this state management code and the functions there, and add that here into this traduced context provider component like this. Because that code is still valid and still fine to be used like this. And now that I added this here, we can construct our context value here, which is an object, of that shape here. So of these types and values, and therefore here I can add my items and set this equal to todos, which is this todos state I'm getting here. And I set add todo equal to add todo handler, and remove todo equal to remove todo handler. And now I can set the value here equal to context value. And if I do that, I get red squiggly lines here. I'm getting red squiggly lines because actually my context value object here does not have exactly the shape I describe up here when I create my context. Now, what's the difference? The difference is add todo, and I introduced this on purpose. I define here when I create my context, that add todo does not take any parameters, but clearly it takes a parameter when I then create the concrete function for this object. Here, I'm expecting the todo text. And then I'm setting this add todo handler function as a value for add todo. That's why I'm getting this error down here. Now, I'm getting this error down here because here when I create this context value object, I'm not saying anything about the type of data that's expected in this context value object. We might wanna do that to already catch the error here though. And for that, we can add a type assignment here as well to be clear about the type we wanna have in there, instead of inferring it. That's a scenario where setting the type explicitly could make sense so that we're not inferring a type that's incorrect as we're currently doing it. And the type I wanna set here is of course the same type as up there. So I can copy that and add that down there. Now we see that we catch the error here already. Now, before we fix it though, copy and pasting is always not ideal. So instead of copy and pasting this type definition, I'd rather set up this type definition only once, to then use it in all the places where we need it. And to implement that feature, we can, of course create such a type alias again. We can create our todos context object here, for example, this name is up to you, and store this type definition in this type alias. Now we can use this alias here between the angle brackets, and use that same type down there to avoid this copy and pasting. So here I'll now also use this alias. And now we also, of course, should fix this error. And we fix this error by updating our type definition which we now, because we're not copy and pasting, only have to do in one place. And here, add todo is actually a function that should get some text instead of no parameters. So that's an important fix. And a with that, we're setting up the correct context value and we're setting this as a value for this value prop on this provider component then. Now we're setting up this todos context provider. Hence we can now export this here, export this as a default maybe, and also export the context itself, not the type definition, but the context, because we'll need that for the use context hook later. And actually, not later, but now. Now I wanna connect my created context here to the different components. And for this, first of all, we don't need to manage todos in the app TSX file anymore. Here we can get rid of on add todo on the new todo component. And we can get rid of these props here on the todos component. We can get rid of the todo import from the models folder, and of the use state import. This app component can be way leaner now. Because now in those components, we can use the context. For example, in the todos component. Here, we can now import use context from react, and also import our todos context, actually as a named import between curly braces from going up one level, store todos context. And I'm importing the context here, not the provider so that I can tap into that context here, so that we can call use context as we learned in this course and tap into this todos context here, and that will give us access to the todos context like this. And if you hover over this constant, you now see that it automatically knows the type of value that's managed by our context thanks to TypeScript and us linking everything correctly. And now here we can use todos context to go through all todos context.items, which are my todos now. And instead of props on remove todo, I now wanna call todo's context, remove todo. And I'll still call bind though, because I still wanna pre-configure it as function to get the right ID eventually. Now, of course, we can get rid of the props argument here, and therefore we should also get rid of our own props type definition here on react FC because this todos component doesn't use props anymore. Instead it now uses context. So we should simplify that and remove that unnecessary type definition. That of course, also means that we can get rid of that todo type import from the models folder. That's now the cleaned up todos component using the context API. Now, we also, of course, wanna use the context API in the new todo component. There we add a todo, and now we also don't wanna leverage props anymore for that since we're not using the parent component for managing todos anymore, but we wanna use context. So from react, we import use context, and then here I'll import todos context from going up one level store todos context. And just as in the other component, and just as in this entire course, we now call use context and point at todos context. And that gives us our todos context. And with that here, instead of calling props on add todo, I now call todos context add todo, and pass in my entered text. And that's the change we need to make here. The rest of this component internal code stays the way it is. Now, what does not stay the way it is, is the component definition though. We don't get props anymore, so we should remove that parameter. And therefore we should also remove that prop description here for this functional component because we don't have any special props anymore. Hence we should remove that here and clean up that component. And now there's only one missing thing, and that's the usage of our todos context provider component because using use context is fine, but it only works if we somehow wrap these components that use the context with that context provider. And we can do that in the app tsx file, and for example, replace that div with the todos context provider which you need to import from store todos context. That's super important, without that it would not work. But with that, if you add this, I can again learn react and TypeScript and more, and I can of course, also still remove things without any errors in the console here. So that is working. And that's how we can use the context API with react and TypeScript.