So here's this project from the last lecture up and running in my browser. And on first site, it all looks great, right? If I open my browser's developer tools, I got no errors here in the console and it all seems to work until I accidentally or on purpose enter a duration of zero or a negative duration. At that point, everything seems to crash and we're left with a blank screen pretty much. And now if we open the developer tools we are also greeted by an error message. Now, of course, if you did go through that essentials practice course section, this is an error we also got and fixed in that section. But there I just told you what the problem and the solution was and I did not really explain how you could find the reason for this error message on your own. And that's, therefore, exactly what we're going to do now. Because when facing an error and an error message like this, you can quickly feel overwhelmed. After all, there is a lot of text and a lot of red on the screen. But you should not feel overwhelmed because most react error messages are actually quite helpful and insightful. And it all starts with the main message, which always comes relatively early in that block of red text. We can see that it's an uncalled type error and that might not be too useful, but then we can see that the problem seems to be that the browser in the end, which tries to execute this code, fails to read some properties of an undefined value. To be precise, it failed to read the valueEndOfYear property. It failed to access this property and the value stored in that property because the object on which it tried to access this seemed to be undefined. That's what this error message in the end tells us. And this already gives us a good idea of where in our code we might start our search for the error reason. We should, of course, start in the place where we do try to access the valueEndOfYear property. And in this application and in this code base that's in the Results JSX file. And there, for example, it's this line of code where we try to access this property. But we actually don't even have to look for the usage of this property manually. Instead, in this error message, after the actual message, we got the so-called stack trace, which is simply this output here below the error message. This is simply a list of code executions that led to this error. And here we, for example, see that the error is coming from the results function. So from the results component function here. And there, from line eight, that's what this means. The 16 then refers to the column, so the 16th character you could say, but it's typically the line number that's important. And this, of course, allows us to go to this results function and take a look at line eight. And of course, that's the same line I identified before, but we wouldn't even have to look for this property because we could have just followed this trace here, and go directly to that file and the deadline number. So now we know that the error is coming from this line of code here. Now, this line of code is correct though, but if you recall, the error message also was that the problem is that we fail to read this property on an undefined value. So the actual problem is that in this line of code, this year seems to be undefined. Results zero seems to yield an undefined value, and therefore, of course, we have to go to the place where results is populated. Now, compared to the practice course section, I slightly altered this code here and the results array is now an array that's created here and that's then passed as an argument to calculate investment results. And in that function, it's received as an input and then manipulated from inside this function. And I'll get back to why I switched to this way of handling results later in this section. But what's important here is that this results array is initially empty and therefore, of course, trying to access the first element on that array would fail. So the problem seems to be that inside of this calculateInvestmentResults function, the results array doesn't seem to get populated. Now, if we go to this function, we can see that this results array does, in theory, receive new elements, but that happens inside of this for loop. So since our problem seems to be that the first element is undefined, so that there is no first element, the problem seems to be that this for loop here never executes. So therefore, let's take a look at how this for loop is configured, so to say. And here we can see that in the end we are looping as long as I is smaller than duration. So if this code doesn't get executed, that can really only be the case if duration is smaller than I, if it's not greater than I, because that's our condition that it is greater than I. So it seems to be smaller than I. And, of course, that's the case if in this app here we enter a duration of zero or minus one or something like this. So therefore now we narrowed down the problem and we understand that the problem is that if this code doesn't execute due to a negative duration, this code here will fail because there is no first element. So therefore, to fix this problem, we could add a if check here and check if results length is equal to zero, so if we have no elements. And in that case we could return a paragraph where we maybe say Invalid input data provided or something like this. Since I'm returning here, the code thereafter never gets executed. That's how JavaScript works. And therefore with this if check, which we use kind of as a guard, we make sure that this code never gets executed if there is no first element, and that we instead show this error message. And now just for styling purposes, I'll also give this paragraph a clause of center. But with that, if I save this and I reload and I enter a duration of zero or minus one, you see that now the app does no longer crash and we no longer get this error message here in the console. Instead, we get this output on the screen. And that's, of course, now how we would want to build such an application so that we don't crash the app but we tell the website user what's wrong. And we were able to add this code here because we were able to read and understand the error message, and find the reason for this error.