So it's great that we were able to get rid of this error message, but as I mentioned earlier, not all errors lead to error messages. You sometimes also have logical errors in your code. For example, still here in this project which I attached earlier, if I change the initial investment to let's say 15,000 or anything else, you see that these numbers blow up. There clearly seems to be some error here. And finding this error can now be a bit trickier, because there is no error message in the console. So how can we find and fix errors like this? Well, when it comes to handling errors like this, as a first step, you should always try to think logically. Which part of your code could be responsible for this error? And here for this error, it's worth noting that initially, if I reload this app, everything seems to work fine. So it seems unlikely that the error is coming from this calculate investment results function. The code here seems to work correctly, because otherwise we wouldn't get the right output here initially. It also seems unlikely that the error is coming from the results component and maybe from creating the table data here, because, again, initially everything seems to work. It only breaks if we edit those values. So therefore, it of course seems to be related to us fetching the user input, which technically happens in the app component, because we lifted this state that manages the user input up from the user input component to the app component. Here in handle change, we're storing the entered value in this state object in the end. And it looks like this code here is responsible for this error. And therefore, what we might wanna do here is take a look at that code at the point of time where it's being executed with the values that are actually used during execution. And we can do that in the browser in this React project by going to the Sources tab there, here in the Chrome DevTools for example, but all browsers should have a tab like this. And there, you'll see that under local host, you'll find a folder structure that looks pretty similar to what we got here in our project. Most importantly, there is a src folder. And what's happening here is that this project setup basically produces code that can be used by the browser to show you your folder structure in the browser. But you can now dive into this code, for example, here into your app JSX file, and I got it twice here. We're interested in this one here which contains the actual code we also see in our project. And the nice thing about this file here is that it does not just contain the same code as we wrote it here. That alone wouldn't be too useful because we can view the code here as well, but that we can now also place break points here by clicking on a line number. And once you add such a break point, code execution will stop at this line of code when it reaches it. So now, for example, if I edit this input, you can see that code execution pauses. The page is grayed out and we also got this message here which says paused in debugger. And here on the right, this line is now highlighted. And we can now also hover over some parts of our code like this parameter to see the actual value that was received here for this specific execution. We can also view the new value that was received here which in this case are the 15,000 I also entered in my input field. And we can now use the controls at the bottom here to step by step walk through our code. With this button here, we could jump into a function that's about to be executed if we were executing some function defined by us here. With this button, we can jump out of this function, and with this button, we simply jump to the next statement. And this allows us to walk through the code step by step and see how things are executing here and how things are behaving, and with which values we are working. And here in this case, if I reload again and break this again so that it pauses again, we can, for example, see that new value seems to be of type string indicated by these quotes here. And that's actually the problem here, because we're then performing mathematical calculations with that string value. And in JavaScript, when using text and numbers combined in mathematical calculations, that can lead to errors. Errors as we see it here, if I resume code execution, that everything is messed up here. And we can see this error a bit better if we actually remove this break point and instead add one in the investment JS file, maybe here right at the beginning in line 13. If I now again edit this, we see that eventually code execution pauses here and now here we can see that our initial investment is a string. And as we step through this code here, and, for example, with this button here into the loop, we can see that now the problem definitely is in line 17. That investment value is initially 15,000 and we're then adding two numbers, the interest earned in a year and the annual investment. We're adding these two numbers to a string. And you can tell that this is a string and interest earned is not, because here for the interest we got no quotes. But for the investment value we have quotes. And that's why here, we're actually not seeing numbers, but instead long concatenated strings. And the fix therefore is to make sure that the input value, this new value here, is converted to a number before being stored and used. And this can simply be achieved by adding a plus here. And that the offer was the long form explanation for why we're seeing this strange output here and how you can fix it. Because with this change applied, if we now saved this and reload, you see that now we can change this all and we're no longer facing this problem.