Now besides error messages, logical thinking and the browser dev tools, there also is another tool, you could say, another React feature that can help you catch and fix some kinds of errors. And to demonstrate this feature, I edited the Results.jsx file and I moved this results array here out of the component function right below the import statement, and attached you find the updated Results.jsx file which contains this change. Now I did this for a reason because with that, if you reload, everything seems to work. But as you make a change here you see that something seems to be wrong because now the table just gets longer and longer and we now also have an error message in the browser console, a couple of errors actually if you take a look, and all these errors are about two children having the same key. So they seem to be related to our list here because it's in that list where we are outputting elements that have a key prop. And of course it's pretty obvious here that the problem is that this list keeps on getting longer and longer instead of being cleared and replaced as we edit those inputs. Now, we could again use the debugger or take a closer look at our code to find out what's wrong here. But before we do that, it's worth noting that we only see this problem as soon as we start editing some values here, which probably arguably is something we would be doing when testing this application. But nonetheless, it's not an error we see immediately. And at least this is an error React can surface to us immediately right when the app starts. It can do that if we use StrictMode and therefore we're going to use StrictMode before I'll explain what's causing this error. Using StrictMode typically begins in Index.jsx though you can also enable it just for parts of your application if you wanted to, because StrictMode, in the end is simply a component you import from React, a built-in component called StrictMode. So StrictMode is a component provided by React and you therefore use it like a component. To be precise, it is a component that's meant to be wrapped around other components. For example, here around the App component, we can wrap the App component with the opening and closing tags of the StrictMode component. And that's what I meant when I said you could use it anywhere in your application. You don't have to wrap the root component. Instead, we could also import and use the StrictMode component somewhere deeper, nested inside of our component tree and for example only wrap the Results component or the UserInput component or whatever we want. But it's not uncommon to wrap the root App component with it because StrictMode does a couple of things behind the scenes that can help us catch certain problems in our app. For example, one of the most important things the StrictMode component does is that it will execute every component function twice instead of just once. Now, it only does that during development. So if you would prepare your application for production and you would upload it to some server, StrictMode would no longer execute every component twice as this of course does slightly impact the performance of your application. But it does that during development because when every component gets executed twice, it helps you catch errors like this because now if I reload, since every component gets executed twice including the App component, I start with twice the table here because I seem to have some error in my code that causes this table to grow and grow. So that of course, does not fix the problem, and it also doesn't necessarily tell me yet what's causing this problem but it immediately surfaces that there is a problem. I don't even have to edit the inputs to see that something's wrong. Instead, thanks to StrictMode being enabled and wrapped around my entire app, this error can be seen immediately. And the error here is stemming from the fact that in my Results component, I'm creating this Results array outside of the component function and therefore only once because whilst this component function will be re-executed by React whenever the state in apparent component changes, so whenever the UserInput changes in this case, the other code in this file, so the creation of this array, will not be re-executed, that's still only executed once. And therefore what's happening here is that an array gets created and then inside of the calculateInvestmentResults function, more and more items are being added to one and the same array in memory because the array is never reset or anything like this. That's why we should take this code and move it back into the component function so that a new array is recreated every time this component function is executed. And with that, we can see that if we reload this app, this error goes away and there is no error in the console. And we can now also know with confidence that this also won't change if we start editing these values because we're using StrictMode.