Now last but not least in this section, I wanna introduce you to an extra extension you can install into your browser to also make your life as a React developer a bit easier. And that extension can be found if you search for React devtools. Because it's this React Developer Tools extension I wanna introduce you to. Now, if you don't have that extension yet, you'll find an install button here right on this page, which will add it to your browser, to the Chrome browser here. And with that extension added, if you open your developer tools in a non-private tab, you'll find two new tabs, two new pages you can visit in your browser devtools. Now we'll take a look at this profiler page here a little bit later in the course, because this feature of the React Developer Tools is primarily about finding and fixing performance issues in your React application, and we'll therefore take a closer look at this tab later in the course when we, in general, take a closer look at React performance and how to improve and optimize it. For now, it's this components tab that's interesting to us instead. In this tab, you find your applications component tree. So the app component with the header, user input, and results components as children. And if you hover over one of these components, it's also highlighted on the left. So you quickly see which part of the UI is controlled and rendered by which component, which can be very useful for analyzing and understanding more complex component trees, and more complex user interfaces. If you click on this gear icon here, you can also control the appearance of the developer tools. For example, the color mode, the display density, and then also for this components tree, also if the component tree should be expanded by default, and a couple of other things as well. Simply play around with these settings to get a feeling for what they're doing. But if you now click on one of those components, you also learn more about that component. For example, you also see which props a component accepts, and which type of prop values you're getting there. For example, that the user input component accepts an on change prop, which is a function, the handle change function. Whereas user input on the other hand is an object with the following properties. And you can even edit those properties and see those changes reflected in the UI, in case you wanna play around with those values, and simply see how different values lead to different results. If a component manages state, like the app component, you will also see that here under hooks. There, you see that the app component in this app uses the use state hook to create one state, one state value, and you can also edit that state value here. For example, I could change the duration to 12 here, and see how that is reflected in the UI. And therefore, this components tab here in the React devtools is a great place to quickly understand how your component tree looks like, which part of the UI is controlled by which component, and you can also use it to edit your component tree, and quickly get a feeling for how changes to props or a state might be reflected on the UI.