In this course section here, we will explore how we can animate React apps, how we can bring them to life because whilst static apps that don't have any animations of course also might work, animated apps often look and feel better, and therefore may also drive user engagement with your website. Take this website here as an example and indeed this is the example we'll be working on throughout this section. This website here has a starting page, and then it has a challenges page where website users can create and manage challenges and every challenge has a title, an image, and so on. And users can then also mark challenges as completed or failed and switch between different tabs to view those different challenges. Now, this website works fine and looks decent, I'd argue but it can be improved by adding animations. For example, here's exactly the same page now enhanced with extra animations that have been added to it. And you'll see tiny little animations in basically all areas of this website and therefore, I'd argue this website looks and feels nicer and website visitors might therefore be motivated to spend more time with your web app, which ultimately of course is probably the goal of every web app you're building. That's why in this course section we'll explore how you can animate React apps and we'll actually start by taking a look at just CSS because you might not even know which features are built into CSS that can be used to animate parts of your website. But as you'll also see in this section CSS animations might be enough in certain use cases but they also have certain limitations. And that's why for the majority of this section we'll explore a third party package called Framer Motion which is an amazing package for building and controlling more complex animations. And you will learn how to use that package, how to for example, use it to animate elements on the screen in and out to animate lists. And also how to build scroll based animations. So animations that depend on the user scrolling on the website as you can see it on the starting page of that finished website, for example. So plenty of things in this section. Let's get started.