Now, as I mentioned before, we'll actually not start by diving into Framer Motion right away, even though we'll spend the majority of this section with that package. But we will actually start with just CSS because you might not need an animation library like Framer Motion, instead CSS Transitions and Animations, features that are built right into vanilla CSS, might be enough for some use cases. And therefore you don't necessarily need to install and learn a new library just to animate some things. For example here in this demo app, let's take a look at this view details button here. When I press it, this expands, and I can view some details here, but you might notice that this icon here never changes. And it would be nice if this would basically just rotate and point down if the details are expanded and point up if they're not. And as it turns out this is something you can animate with just CSS. To do that, let's go to that project folder and then there you'll find an index CSS file which is rather large because it contains all the styles for this entire project here, for this entire website just to have one single CSS file and not have a bunch of CSS files flying around here. And in that file, we can find this button here or some style that allows us to target that button. And to now add some CSS code here to animate this button, let's first go to the JSX code that's responsible for this button and this code can be found here in the components folder, in the ChallengeItem.jsx file, .jsx as a file extension here because this is Vite project where you need to add .jsx instead of just .js at the end. And then in this file here, you got the view details text, and then here this is the icon. So this entire span here is the icon that should be animated. And as you see, this icon has a CSS className and we can just copy that className and then search for that className here in this CSS file. And once we found it, we can animate it because as you can see, there are two CSS rules that seem to involve this icon. And even if you don't know CSS, which you absolutely don't have to for this section, you should be able to find these two rules and you will be able to follow along with the changes we're about to make. Because now that we identified these two rules, we can add some animations here. And indeed, as you can see there already is the transform CSS property being set to this rotate value, so it looks like we're already trying to at least rotate the icon, even if it's not animated yet. But for this to be activated, we must make sure that the expanded CSS class is added to some element above this icon element that has a class of challenge-item-details. So let's go back to the ChallengeItem.jsx file and there it's this challenge-item-details div that needs this expanded class for this icon to be rotated. So we wanna conditionally add this expanded class here if the details are visible and as you can see here in this component there is isExpanded prop which we're receiving, which then tells us whether this item here is currently expanded, whether the details of this item are expanded. So with that, we can just go here and actually replace this className here with a dynamic value where we can use the template literal syntax with two backticks to construct a string with that because it's this backtick syntax that then makes it easy for us to inject dynamic values into this string. And here I want to inject a dynamic value depending on whether is expanded is true or not. If it's true, I want to add the expanded class here to this list of classes. Otherwise I'll add an empty string, so I will not add any extra classes. This is one way of dynamically adding a class to a class list. And with that change made, if we save this, we can now at least see that this button rotates. But of course it's not animated yet and that's the next step because animating this button now means that we need to tell CSS that this change to this rotation should be animated. And this can be done with help of a feature called CSS Transitions. CSS Transitions can be used by adding the transition property to a rule and here it's to the base rule, which is always active on this icon, so not the rule that's just active if the parent is expanded, but instead the rule that's always active. And here we can tell CSS for which future changes to which CSS properties we want to animate those changes. And here in this example, where we want to animate this transformation, we could tell CSS that we wanna animate all transitions for the transform property. So whenever that property changes, for example from no value to this value, we wanna animate that change, we want to have CSS animate that change, that's what we're saying here. You could also say all if you want to animate all CSS properties that could change on this element, but here it's just a transform property. Next, you can set a duration over which the animation should be played. For example, 0.3 seconds, you could also write this as 300 milliseconds, and it's of course up to you which duration you wanna pick here. And then you can also add a easing function which basically controls the acceleration of the animation and therefore the look and feel of it. For example here, we could use ease out or ease in or any other easing function value, here I'll go for ease out. And with that added, if we save this you will see that now this arrow here is animated, even though we have not added any extra library, instead just by using a feature that's built into CSS. And you should therefore absolutely be aware of features like this because often the built-in animation support provided by CSS might be all you need.