Now CSS transitions as we're using them here to animate this icon are nice, but sometimes not enough. For example, here, if we open this modal, it might be nice if we would play a little animation. As this modal opens, maybe it should slide up from the bottom and also fade in whilst it's doing that. And this can also still be achieved with just CSS but not with a CSS transition, at least not here the way this application is built. Because if we take a look at our component code and there at the Header.jsx file, we can see that this new challenge component which in the end is the component that also uses this modal that this new challenge component in the header file is added to the DOM conditionally based on this IsCreatingNewChallenge state. So it's not always part of the DOM. And you can of course also see that if you inspect this modal here, there if you inspect the body and then this div with the ID modal, you find the backdrop behind the modal and the modal dialogue here but as I close the modal, both are gone. So they're not part of the DOM at all if the modal is not open. Now, this also means that we can't use a CSS transition because we can't transition and animate from any initial value as this modal opens because there is no initial value because the modal element is not there right at the start. But we can still animate it as you will see by using another feature that's built into CSS, CSS animations. The idea behind CSS animations is that we define a animation, so a sequence of steps on our own by using the special at key frames syntax here. Then you can give your animation any name of your choice. For example, slide up, fade in, and then you have curly braces to define the different steps your animation should go through. And this allows you to set an initial state, even if the element was not part of the DOM before and an end state and as many in-between states as you want. You can do this with from and to or with percentage. So 0% means that will be the state at the beginning. 100% means that this will be the end state. And then between those curly braces that belong to those states, you set up your CSS properties. So for example, here for the modal, we might want to push it down a little bit initially so that it can slide up as this animation plays. We can use the transform property for this again and then use the translateY property to push it down. And here we could, for example, push it down by 30 pixels. In addition, we might wanna set the opacity to zero so that initially it's invisible, even though it's part of the DOM. And then we can copy this and set our end state to have a translateY value of zero so that it's not pushed down anymore and an opacity of one so that it's not invisible anymore. And now with that custom animation defined here in CSS, we can go to the selector where we wanna attach the animation so to the elements the animation should be attached to, in this case, this modal. And then use the special animation CSS property to attach an animation to this element. And this animation will then automatically be triggered by CSS whenever this element appears in the DOM. So here we then refer to our animation name so this name here in my case of course. Then we also set a duration, which of course is again up to you, also if you want a easing function. And then here I'll also add a special keyword, forwards, at the end, which simply means that I want to keep the end state once the animation is done. So once this duration here is over. Now you could configure more and you can, of course check out the MDN article on CSS animations if you wanna learn all about them. This of course, is not a CSS course but these are the most important configuration items of the CSS animation feature that you wanna be aware of. And with that set, you'll notice that if I go back and I click add challenge, now this modal does indeed slide up from the bottom and fade in whilst doing that. And that's therefore another way of animating things you should be aware of. Again, using just CSS and with CSS animations and CSS transitions which I showed you before, you have two extremely powerful features that often might be all you need.