Now CSS transitions and animations are really powerful but they also have limitations. For example, one limitation is that you can use CSS animations to animate the appearance of an element in the DOM, but not the disappearance. Because whenever this element, this modal here, for example, is removed from the DOM, it's removed instantly and there is no chance for us to animate that, at least not with just CSS. That's one limitation. Another limitation would be more complex animations, like for example, if this bar here should be animated as it switches between those different tabs. With just CSS, this would technically certainly be possible in some way but it would be really complex and not easy at all. And another thing that would be pretty complex to achieve with just CSS, is a realistic look and feel of certain animations. For example, here, animating this arrow works and definitely looks all right, but take a look at this animation instead in comparison. It might not look like much, but here on the right side, it looks more natural, more physically correct, you could say. And it's for reasons like this, hard limitations like not being able to animate the disappearance of an element or this look and feel aspect or the complexity you would have to go through to build certain animations that you might wanna reach for extra libraries like Framer Motion, which is an extremely powerful animation library for React to which I'll introduce you throughout the rest of this section. Now, in order to use Framer Motion in your project, you first of all have to install it. Now locally, that means that you should stop the development server and run npm install framer-motion and this will install this package and make it available in this project. And thereafter, you can restart that development server. On CodeSandbox it's in this dependencies area here on the left where you should search for Framer Motion and then select it and this will add it as a dependency and make it available in this project. And with it added, you are ready to get started with it. Now, of course, you can absolutely also explore the official documentation, and I would recommend that you do that after going through this section here, because Framer Motion is a pretty complex and powerful library, and you therefore might want to dive deeper into it and explore all its configuration options and more advanced features after you went through the introduction you'll get in this section here. And speaking of an introduction, in order to get you started with Framer Motion, I prepared a little playground which we can use to get started with the basics of Framer Motion and attach to therefore find this playground both as a local and a CodeSandbox version. And in both versions, Framer Motion is already installed so you don't need to do that here. And of course, we will switch back to this project here, to the challenges project later in this section, but in order to get started with Framer Motion and learn about its basics, we'll use this playground here.