So here in this playground, we got this box here and we got a couple of input fields. And my idea now is to allow you to enter values here into these input fields and to then animate this box based on those input fields. For example, if you enter five here into the input X this block here should be moved to the right by five pixels. That's the idea. And of course, this should be achieved with Framer Motion so that this change in position or rotation is animated. Now for that, we can go into the app.jsx file in this playground project. And as you see there we already have some state management going on here to get the values entered by the user essentially. And here we got this box. Now to animate it with Framer Motion all you have to do is import motion from Framer Motion and you have to replace this div or whichever element you wanna animate with motion.div. This will then still render a div on the page but a div with extra capabilities that can be controlled by Framer Motion to animate it in a highly performant way because that's important about this Framer Motion package. It's really built to give you high performance animations not animations that cause unnecessary component re-render cycles or that slow down the application but instead animations that are as performant as possible. That's why you have to use special elements. And there is not just motion div, of course, instead if you press the dot after motion, you see that you basically got all HTML elements as motion versions so that you can really animate anything. But here is a div I want. Now with this special motion component here being used we can now add a special prop to this component, the animate prop which is available because we're using this motion version of the div. And Animate now in its basic form wants an object as a value where we describe the animation we wanna play. And here you can animate a broad variety of things because Framer Motion is really powerful. You can, for example, animate the text color or the background color of an element. You can animate the rotation, you can animate the X and Y position and a lot of other things as well. Simply play around with this prop and all the things you can set and take a look at the official documentation to learn about all the things you can animate. Now, one of the most common things to animate is the position of an element though because often the elements should move around on the website and we can, for example animate the movement along the horizontal axis by animating the X coordinate of the element. And we can set this here for example, to this X. So this X is now what I'm feeding as a value to this X here and therefore whenever this state here updates the animation should play again because that's how Framer Motion works. When you set this animate prop it will re-trigger the animation and animate this element whenever the value you want to animate to changes. So therefore, here, if we save this, if I type 100 here you see that moved to the right. If I type minus 300, you see it moves to the left. And as you can also see it's also animated whilst it moves around and it indeed has animation that looks and feels really realistic. If you can say that, it has a realistic look and feel because it bounces a little bit it feels like if you would really be pushing a block around and that's another feature built into Framer Motion. It gives you this natural look and feel for your animations, at least if you want it. Now, when using Framer Motion, the animate prop is one of your most important props because it's this prop that's used to declaratively animate an element but another important prop is the transition prop which is a prop that can be used to configure the animation that will be played. You do that by passing an object to transition and then here in this object you can set a broad variety of things. For example, the duration over which this change in this value will be animated. For example, we could set this to three which would mean three seconds, with that, if I saved this and I changed this X value you now see that the animation plays much slower because I decreased that duration. It now takes three seconds to go to the end state, but the duration isn't everything, though I'll set it back to a much lower value so that the animation plays quicker. Another thing you can set here, for example is the type property. The type property allows you to control which type of animation should be played. For example, this spring type, which was the default as long as this transition prop wasn't added is this type that has this natural look and feel with this bouncing and so on. And you can indeed also control how much it bounces by adding the bounce property here. If you set bounce to one you got a lot of bouncing going on as you can see and if you set it to zero, you got no bouncing. And of course you can set it to any value between zero and one to control how much it bounces but you can also switch to a different type. For example, if you change to tween you'll have a simple animation between the starting and end value without any physics simulation as you do get it when using spring. So if I change to tween here you'll see that now there is no bouncing no matter which bounce factor you set. Instead, you have a simple animation between the start and the end value. Now, sometimes this might be the look you want but often it's this spring type you want because especially when animating the position or size of elements using this physics-based approach often looks and feels best for users. So that's why I'll stick to spring here and why I will now also make sure that we can also animate movement on the Y axis by picking up that Y state and binding that to our animate prop and also rotations. This can be achieved by setting the rotate property on this object we're passing to animate, and since here property and value variable names are equal. We can also use the JavaScript shortcut of just using this name once, and it'll automatically be expanded to the longer version behind the scenes by JavaScript. This is not Framer Motion or React specific. Instead that's a default JavaScript feature. But with that, if we now save that, we can also rotate this for example, by setting it to 90 or 130 and we can of course also move it on the Y axis. There you also see that we can play smooth animations by changing this Y value.