So now that we got started with some Framer Motion basics in this basic playground project here, let's switch back to that main project we wanna work on throughout this section. And there I again, wanna make sure that if we have a challenge here, that if we press this view details button here, this icon here gets animated, but now it should be animated with Framer Motion to get that more realistic look and feel of that animation. And of course, later, we'll then also add Framer Motions in other parts of the application and build animations that would be pretty hard to build without Framer Motion. But let's start with that icon which we find the challenge item JSX file. Now, previously, we animated this with CSS and there it was important that this expanded CSS class gets added to this dev here. Now I will now get rid of that because we'll switch away from the CSS animation here, and we can therefore of course also update the index CSS file. And there go to the place where we added this transition property and also get rid of that. And also, if we want to get rid of this rule here since we're now not using Vanilla CSS for this animation anymore. Instead, since we already installed Framer Motion here in this challenge item JSX file, we can import motion from framer-motion to build such a motion component as you saw it in the previous lectures. And then we can and should go down to this icon to this span here and replace this standard span with a motion.span, which again is this component provided by Framer Motion that unlocks more animation capabilities so to say. Now with motion.span being used, we can then add the animate prop about which you learned to control the animation of this element. And here I wanna animate the rotation so we can target the rotate animation property. And this should now either be zero if the details are not visible. So if this button has not been clicked, or it should be 180 if it was clicked. And of course, here in this component, as mentioned before, we got, this isExpanded prop that tells us whether those details are visible or not. So here, we can conditionally set this rotate property on this animate prop by taking a look at isExpanded this prop. And then if it is true, we wanna rotate this icon by 180 degrees, otherwise by zero degrees. And with that, we're animating this with Framer Motion. If we now save that and add a new challenge Learn React with framer motion and many other things and we pick a date here and also a image. If I now press this button, you see this animation of this icon looks and feels slightly different than before. It has some bounciness in there and it simply feels more natural. It's a tiny thing, but it will be tiny things like that that will add up on your website that can help with providing a better feeling and experience to the visitor of your website. That's how we can use Framer Motion in this project. But that's of course not where we're going to stop.