As a next step, I also wanna migrate this entry animation of this modal here from just CSS to Framer Motion. And I wanna do this for two reasons. The first reason, again, is the look and feel. It's definitely fine for this animation and just because of the look and feel, we probably should not switch. But I then also wanna make sure, as a second step, that we can animate the disappearance of that modal. And for that, let's first make sure that we animate its appearance. To do that, we should go to this modal component. And there we want to animate the dialogue that holds this modal content. Now, as a first step, I'll actually go to the index CSS file. And there I'll get rid of this animation here. I'll not use vanilla CSS anymore. But with that back in modal, this dialogue should now be animated with Framer Motion. To achieve this, we again must import motion from Framer Motion, as we did it before. And then here, instead of using the standard dialogue, I wanna use the motion dialogue so that this element can be animated with Framer Motion. Then as a next step, as before, we can add the animate prop to define the value we want to animate to. But here's something tricky now. Inside of this modal component, this dialogue will always be part of the screen, and there won't be any props or any state that would change inside of this component here that would tell us that this modal did now appear. So animating to a different value will be tricky here because we got no indicator for whether this modal was just added or if it's been visible for a minute now. So unlike in challenge-item, where we had this isExpanded prop that could be used to switch between different values. We have no such prop or state in here. But we also don't need it, because these motion components also give us access to another pretty useful prop that we can set on them. We can set the initial prop, and this initial prop allows us to define an initial state for the to-be-performed animations that will be assumed immediately after this element has been added to the DOM. So initial allows us to set the starting state of this element, so to say. And if that state then deviates from the animate state, Framer Motion will automatically play that animation to get to that target animate state. So therefore, here, in initial, we can set the opacity to zero, for example, to make it invisible initially when it occurs in the DOM, and set the y value to minus 30 to push it down by 30 pixels. And then in animate, I wanna set the opacity to 1, so that will be the target value for the opacity and y to 0, so that it's not pushed down anymore. And that's how we can use initial and animate to play an initial animation from these values to these values. And that's there for already all again. If we save that, and I click Add Challenge, it's coming down from the top, because of course this should be a positive number here to push it down. So this must be plus 30, not minus 30. But with that, again, if I click Add Challenge, this is now coming up from the bottom. And it also has a slight bounce effect, which you might see here, and therefore feels a bit more natural and snappy, which is great. But as a next step, let's now also make sure that we can animate the disappearance of this modal, because as mentioned before, that's not really possible with just CSS.