To animate the disappearance of an element in the DOM, we can add another useful prop to these motion components. And that's the exit prop which also takes such a configuration object here. And you can probably see a pattern here. We have the initial prop for the starting state when the element appears in the DOM. Then animate to define the state we want to animate to right after it did appear. And then exit, which allows us to define the state that we want to animate to when the element is removed from the DOM. And here I'll just copy and paste the initial state as my exit state but of course you could configure this however you want and Framer Motion would automatically figure out how to get from here to here. But with that, if you save that, you'll notice something strange. If I opened this modal and then close it, for example, by clicking on the backdrop, no animation is played. It still disappears instantly. And the reason for that is that just by using this motion component here, you are not changing how React handles elements. And React handles elements such that if they're not returned by a component function anymore; so the hetero component here, if new challenge which includes that modal is not part of that returned value anymore because IsCreatingNewChallenge turned false, if that's the case, it's instantly removed from the DOM. And React doesn't ask whether you wanna do that or not. It does just do that. It does instantly remove it. But Framer Motion gives you a way of working around that. It gives you a special component that you can wrap around code like this to disable or control this functionality. For that Here in the Header.jsx file, you must import something from Framer Motion and that something is not motion but instead a component provided by a Framer Motion that's called animate presence. This component is meant to be used as a wrapper around code that conditionally displays or removes elements if you want to animate those elements, to be precise, if you want to animate the disappearance of those elements. So for that, we can use animate presence as a wrapper here. And just by doing that, Framer Motion will make sure that if this code here executes the elements that are rendered by that code, so also that modal are not removed instantly, but instead it will check if there's some element that has an exit animation. And if it finds such an element, it will play that exit animation first before removing this and all the other elements. And therefore, if you save that, you'll now see that opening plays this animation but so does closing. If I click this backdrop, now we got this nice closing animation, this exit animation where this modal is pushed down and fades out. And this now is the case because of this animate presence component that's used as a wrapper around the code that ultimately is responsible for rendering this modal where we have this motion component that has this exit prop. That's how those things are working together.