Now let's stay in this header component for now, because in that header, there's one other element I'd like to animate with help of Framer Motion, and that would be this button because you might wanna make sure that this button pops a bit more as users hover over it, maybe by increasing the scale and making it bounce a little bit. And this is pretty easy to do with Framer Motion since it gives us these realistic natural feeling animations. Therefore, here in the header component, I will now actually also import motion from Framer Motion so that we can turn this standard button here into a motion button and unlock these special features. And here I now wanna do something we haven't done before because here I don't wanna set the animate prop because whilst we could do that to change, for example, the scale of this button and make it pop as a user hovers over it, trying to animate this button with the animate prop here would mean that we also would have to listen to the onHover event here to make sure that we change this scale as the user hovers over this button. And as the user does, stop hovering over this button. And whilst this would be possible, it's a lot of unnecessary work. Instead, since it is fairly common that you wanna animate elements as users click them or hover over them, Framer Motion gives you some special props you can add to those framework components which start with while at the beginning. And then you get special props like whileHover or whileTap, which allow you to define animation states that should only apply whilst the user is tapping or hovering and so on or whilst the element is in view. So whilst it can be seen on the page, for example. So here, I'll use whileHover and herein whileHover, we can then set an animation object as we would add it on the animate prop to, for example change the scale to 1.1. So increase the scale by 10%, and that's all with that done, if we save this, this button now pops a little more, but as you can see out of the box, it just increases in scale and does not really bounce. The reason for that is that here, by default, Framer Motion does not apply a spring animation but this can thankfully be changed by setting the transition here and then setting the type to spring. And I showed you this transition prop before. And the great thing about this prop is that it will control all animations applied on this element no matter if you set them with animate, with exit, or with whileHover and so on. So here, we can change this to spring and then for example, also configure something called the stiffness and set this to 500. And this will also have an impact on the bounce effect and it's best if you simply play around with that value and also with the mass value here, and set these properties to different values to get a feeling for their impact. They do play together with this spring animation type though, and therefore with that added here on this button now you'll see that as I hover on this button and also as I hover away, we got this nice bounce effect and it definitely now pops more than it did before. So that's now a nicer look I'd say. And we therefore now don't just have this modal entry and exit animation but also a nice popping button to open this modal.