With that button finished here. Let's go back to this modal.
Here in this modal, we previously added the initial animate and exit animation states. And as you might notice, the initial and exit animation, of course, is the same here. Now we could therefore of course, add a constant here where we have our hidden animation state or however you wanna call it and store this object in this constant. And then just reuse this constant here so that if we ever wanna make changes here, we just have to make those changes in one place instead of two places. And with that, you will see that we still got this entry and access animation, but there also is another way of reusing a certain animation value or animation state. And for that, you can add the variance prop to your motion component. And I will say right away that the main idea behind variance is a different one which we'll explore in the next lecture. But nonetheless, this variance prop indeed also useful for defining and reusing certain animation states. For this variance takes an object. But now it's not such an animation object but instead an object where you set any keys of your choice. For example, a key named hidden. And then the value for that key will again be such an animation object. And with that, we're defining a custom identifier and then the animation state that should be applied if this identifier is targeted. And you will soon learn how to target such an identifier. Now here, besides hidden, I'll also add another variant called visible. Though as mentioned, these names are up to you. And that will be this animation state here for me. And you can now target these different variants and apply those animation states here by using these variant identifiers as values for initial animate or exit. So here for initial, I can set this to hidden. For animate, I can set this to visible. And for exit, I can again set this to hidden. And of course, these keys here have to be the keys you're using here. So you have to make sure that you don't have any typos here. But with that, you've got an easy way of defining those variants once and of then reusing them. And you can also reuse them with while hover and so on. So this would also be possible, though of course, this here makes no sense for this modal since now it would disappear whenever I hover over it, but it would work and you therefore see how those variants work. But I'll get rid of while hover now, of course. And with that, you can see that this modal still has this entry and exit animation. It works as shown before, but now powered by variants. Though as mentioned before, the true power of variants comes from another feature which we'll explore in the next lecture.