Variants cannot just be used for defining and reusing animation states, but instead they can also be used to trigger animations deep inside of a component tree by just setting an animation to a certain variant on an ancestor component. And this of course, probably sounds pretty abstract, so let me show you what I mean. Keep in mind that here, we're in the modal component, and this modal component, this dialog here, will in the end wrap whatever is passed between the opening and closing tags of this modal component. And that therefore, here in my case, will be this New Challenge component, to be precise here, this form, because this form is passed as a child between the modal opening and closing tag here. Now the idea behind variants is that we can now set a certain animation state to a variant in such a wrapper or a parent component, like this modal component here, and inside of the wrapped or child component, like this form here and all the elements we're using in here. We can now define the same variants, so using the same names, hidden and visible, in my case, but we don't have to set them there to activate them. Instead, if they activate in the parent or wrapping component in this modal component here, they will automatically be activated in the child component. And this can be very useful because here in this modal, we could, for example, animate the appearance of those images here. And of course, I want to animate those as this modal is opened, as this component here is loaded therefore. Now thanks to this variants feature, we can go to this unordered list and there to these list items which are these images, and we can change this list item here to a motion list item so that we can animate it with help of variants. To do that, of course, we first must import motion from framer-motion as always, and then go down to that list item again and replace it with motion.li. But other than that, it's of course still a regular list item. And now to play some animation when this appears, we don't have to add animate and initial, instead we just have to define a hidden and visible variant with the variants prop here, because those variants will then automatically be activated by the parent wrapping component, this modal component, because there we are setting this hidden variant as a value for the initial state and divisible variant as a value for the animate state. And as mentioned, this information, which variant should be active at which point of time, will be passed down by a Framer Motion to any wrapped or child components, so also to this list item here, and therefore here, we just have to define a hidden and a visible variant and those variants will be activated automatically when they activate on the parent component. And here on those images, I want my images to be transparent initially and maybe be a bit smaller so that they basically grow in size as they become visible, and therefore, in the visible state, I want to have an opacity of 1 and a scale of 1, let's say. Now in addition, I'll also add the transition prop, which we of course can also do on such a child animation element, and here I'll make sure that we use this spring animation type. Now with that, if we save that, you'll see that if I open this, those images do bounce in. You'll also note, though, that as I close this modal, we have a pretty strange effect. It takes some time for the backdrop to disappear. And we got this behavior here because in my modal, I'm setting this exit prop here to the hidden state, to the hidden variant. Therefore, this will also be activated on the child components and therefore those images will actually be animated out there in this child component. And we don't really see this here as I close this, though you can see it briefly. If you take a close look at those images, you might see them shrink right before the modal disappears and Framer Motion actually waits for that image animation to finish before it then finally removes this element from the DOM and also this backdrop from the DOM. And that's of course not the behavior I want here. Now, one way to fix or change this behavior is to go to this child component, this list item component here, and to there, set the exit prop and set it to visible here. So with that, I'm overriding the variant that should be activated when we enter this exit state on this list item, and I'm setting it to the visible variant just for this component, not for any other component. So for the parent component for this modal, the exit state will still be set to the hidden variant but for this child component, this nested list item here, the exit state will be set to the visible variant, and therefore no animation will be played here because we already are in this visible state. So now with this exit prop set to visible here, you will see that as you close this modal, indeed now the backdrop does disappear right after the modal closes. But you also will notice that now the entry animation of these images is gone. If I open the modal, those images are not animated anymore. And we got this behavior because at least at the point of time where I'm recording this, if you set one of those animation props like initial, animate, or exit on some child components when using that variants feature to activate animations as we're doing it here, you must not use one of your variant names here. Instead, you should copy the value that's assigned to a certain variant, the visible variant in this case, and use stat in stat. This might be fixed and changed in the future but at the point of time I'm recording this, this is the workaround that's needed to make sure that we're still using the variants feature to automatically activate those animations whilst also making sure that we're not causing this delay in the removal of this modal here. With this workaround applied, if you save everything, if we open the modal, you see this animation for these images is back and it still closes fine. So now we got the best of both worlds. We got those entry animations, we got a nice closing modal, and we're using variants to activate animations in a child component from inside a parent component.