So now that we're animating the appearance of those images, we can also explore another nice feature offered by Framer Motion that helps with animating list items like this list of images here. Because often when rendering lists you don't want all list items to appear and be animated at exactly the same point of time. But instead, you might want to have them animated, step-by-step, after each other. And this is a technique that's called staggering. You want to stagger that animation of those list items. So you wanna play them after each other instead of simultaneously. And this is thankfully something that's pretty easy to achieve with Framer Motion. For this, you have to go to the parent element of the list items that you do want to stagger. So in this case, this unordered list element and replace it with a motion unordered list element, of course also the closing tag. And with that done here, since I'm using variance to activate these child animations, we should also add the variance prop here to this unordered list component. Now here for my variants, I wanna set the visible variant, so this variant here. But here I'm not setting it to animate the opacity or scale of this unordered list because I am happy with that default look and behavior of that list. I don't wanna animate the list as a whole I just want to animate the list items. And therefore I'll not set any of those properties but instead, when using variance you can also set the special transition property here, which allows you to apply the same configuration you are applying with the transition prop to the entire component and all the animations on that component to a specific animation. And this, by the way, is not just possible for variants because whilst often you might want to globally configure all animations on a component, you can always add this transition property here to control just the exit animation and to use different settings for the exit animation than you're using for all the other animations on this component, for example. So that's always possible, not just when using variants, but when using variants I can set this transition on my visible variant on this parent component of those list items to set a special configuration option here. And that's the staggered children configuration option. And this option can be used to control the delay by which these child elements in this parent element will start their animations. By default, they will all start simultaneously, but if you set stagger children to any value that's not zero, so for example to 0.05, then this will be the delay between all those different child items. So now the second item will start its animation 50 milliseconds after the first item and the third item will start its animation 50 milliseconds after the second item and so on. That's what this setting does, and you can of course play around with this time setting to see its impact. And by setting this, if we save this, if we open this, you now see that those images don't appear simultaneously but instead after each other. And this of course, is even easier to see if I use a bigger value here to add more delay between those different child item animations. Now you see they animate in really slowly after each other and therefore it's of course up to you which value you want to use. I think it looks best if we use a very low value so that we have this staggering effect, but overall still animate everything pretty quickly. And that's how you can easily place such a staggering animation for list items when using Framer Motion.