Up to this point in this section here, we pretty much only used numbers as VLUs for these different animation properties, so for opacity, scale, and so on. And that's not uncommon because opacity, scale, X and Y are amongst thee most important properties you might wanna animate. But it's worth mentioning that you're not limited to simple numbers like this, for example, in this header component, where we get this button, this button here that pops when we hover over it, we could also animate its color, for example, which we don't set through a number, but through a hex code instead. This could be achieved by going to the whileHover property here and then for example, setting the background color property here, so that we don't just animate the scale, but also the background color and as a color, you can then set a string that contains the hex code of the color you wanna animate to. So for example, here we could define the hex code 8b11f0 to animate to a nice purple background color and if we save that, you'll see that as I hover over this, indeed the color also gets animated and please note that the color also kind of bounces, you could say, so that the transition settings set here are also applied to the color here. And it's just important to be aware of the fact that you're not limited to animating just the scale, opacity, or position with numbers, but that you can also animate more complex things like colors with Framer Motion. Now, with that, I'll actually get rid of the color here because I don't wanna animate it, but it's important to understand that you can. And there's also some other kind of VLU you should be aware of and for that, I'm back in the NewChallenge.jsx file and here on this list item which I'm animating, these staggered list items here. Here on the list item in the visible variant, I'm setting the scale to 1 and with that, I make sure that in the end we animate from a scale of .5 to 1, so from half the size I wanna have to the size this element should have. But instead of setting a single VLU here, we can actually also set an array as a VLU here and if you do that, if you use an array VLU as a value for a property you're animating, you're creating an array of key frames through which Framer Motion will go as it animates this item, so it allows you to define multiple steps the animation should go through instead of just having an initial VLU and a final VLU. And therefore, here for example, for this visible state of this list item, we could add a bunch of numbers here and for example, first go to a size of 80% of the size I wanna have, then go up to 1.3, so 30% bigger than it should be, and then to 1 at the end, so that we go from 50% scale to 80% to 130 before we reach the final scale of 1 which you wanna have, so the size the element should have. And with that, if we save that, if I click Add Challenge here, those images are again popping in and staggering in, but they're now actually bouncing slightly differently according to my key frames here. And that's therefore another feature you should be aware of, you can set key frames as VLUs for the properties you're animating.