So at this point you already know a lot about using Framer Motion with those motion components to animate things. And up to this point in this section we used the default approach of working with Framer Motion by using these motion components and by defining all the animations and all the animation settings declaratively in our JSX code through props. That's the default and that's how you will define and control most of your animations with Framer Motion. But sometimes you encounter scenarios or use cases where you maybe wanna start an animation imperatively instead of declaratively. And therefore I'll also show you how that could be done. And for that, let's assume that if the user submits an invalid form here, so if the input fields are empty, or at least one input field is empty, for example, that we wanna shake all these input fields. That could be a little animation we might wanna play if a user tries to submit this without entering valid values in those input fields. And whilst we could definitely also achieve this goal in a declarative way, here I'll show you how you could do it in a imperative way because Framer Motion also supports this approach. For that, we first of all have to import a hook from Framer Motion. We have to import the useAnimate hook. This hook can then be called in our component function like all hooks. And this hook then returns an array that contains two important elements: a scope element, and an animate element. The names of course are up to you, but the first element will be a ref, which you can add to elements and I'll explain why and where to add it soon. And the second element, animate, will be a function you can use in your code to imperatively trigger a certain animation. Now let's start with that function here actually. And for that, let's go to the place where the animation should be triggered, which is inside of this if statement. Here, I'm checking if any of the inputs contains an invalid value, and if that's the case at the moment, I just return. Now I instead want to call animate here to trigger some animation and shake those input and textarea elements. To achieve this, you can pass a string to animate, where you use a CSS selector to target the elements that should be animated. For example, all input and textarea elements like this. You could also look for CSS classes if you had them. But here I'll just use the input and textarea tags. As a second argument to animate, you can then pass an object where you describe the animation that should be played. And that's the same kind of object you would pass to exit or initial or animate or to your variance down there. So it's an object like this where you define which properties should be animated to which values. So for example here, we could animate the exposition to move the elements along the X axis and then define some key frames here, so that maybe we first move them to the left by 10 pixels, then back to the middle, then to the right by 10 pixels, and then back to the middle, so that we shake every element from left to right. And of course you could animate more, the opacity, whatever you want. But here for me it's just the X position that I want to animate. As a third argument you can then also pass a configuration object to animate that allows you to configure how the animation will be played. That would be the equivalent to this transition prop, or this transition property, you can add to your variance. So in there, in this last object, you can, for example, make sure that it's a spring animation that's being played. You can control the duration, for example, set this to 0.2 seconds. And you can also do something fancy here, you can add a delay property here which allows you to set a delay after which the animation will start. Now that on its own is not that fancy, even though it sometimes can be helpful, but it gets fancy if we combine it with another imperative function we can use from Framer Motion because from there we can also import a stagger function. And stagger might sound familiar to you, we used the staggerChildren setting before to make sure that the animations on the child items of this list get staggered so that delays are inserted between the different animations of the different items. And this stagger function simply allows us to do the same thing if we're setting up an imperative animation, so if we're using the animate function. Because then we can set delay here to stagger and then our stagger amount like 0.05. And this will then achieve the same as staggerChildren did before here on this unordered list. It will add delays between the different animations for the different elements that are targeted by this selector, so that we don't shake them simultaneously but after each other. And that's how we can trigger an animation imperatively from inside our code. But that alone won't do the trick. You might recall that here we also had this scope element in that array that was returned by useAnimate. And this scope thing here is in the end a ref as we could create it ourselves with useRef that should be connected to a JSX element that's scopes the selector we're setting up here in the animate function. So that we're not selecting input and textarea elements from all over the page, but from a selected area. For that, we should add the ref here to this form and pass this scope ref as a value for this ref prop to this form. And now animate will only select inputs and text areas inside of this form and not anywhere else on the page. And with that, we're using useAnimate to trigger our animation imperatively, and therefore here, if I click Add Challenge with invalid inputs, you see that those inputs are shaking and they're not shaking simultaneously, but instead in this staggered manner after each other.