Now in this list here, which we're animating, there also are other things we could animate besides the remaining item moving around. For example, we could also animate the disappearance of the item. So not just the item that remains, that moves to a new position, but also the item that disappears. And we already learned before at the example of the modal here how we can animate the disappearance of an element. We need that AnimatePresence component. And here in this case, for this list, we need it in the Challenges.jsx file because that is where I'm rendering this list of items. So that's in the end also the code that's controlling how many items are displayed and it's also this code that updates the list if this array of items here changes. Therefore it's in this Challenges.jsx file where we should import AnimatePresence from Framer Motion. Now with AnimatePresence imported here in Challenges.jsx we can now wrap it here around this code that is responsible for rendering this list of challenge items. So here we wrap AnimatePresence around challenge item and inside of the challenge item component file here on this list item, which already is a motion component, we can add our exit prop to define the animation we wanna play as an item is removed. And here we could, for example, set exit to an animation where the Y position, so the position along the vertical axis should change by minus 30 pixels. So moving the item up by 30 pixels and the opacity should change to zero. Now whenever we remove an item from the list, this is the animation that should be played. The item should become transparent and be moved up. Now if I save that and I go here to my list with two items and important, it must contain at least two items. If I click mark as completed which will remove this first item, you see it moves up and then only once it's gone, does the other item move into its place. So that works, but it does not work if I remove the last item, that still disappears instantly and this item still disappears instantly because if we go back to Challenges.jsx and we take a look at this code here, we can see that actually this entire ordered list is removed from the DOM, if displayedChallenges, so this array of challenges that should be displayed on the screen is an empty array. So AnimatePresence has no effect then because this is all removed because it's part of this conditional rendering block here. So what we would have to do here to make sure that the last item also kind of is animated is we would have to wrap this entire list with AnimatePresence as well and then convert this ordered list to a motion ordered list. Of course, also the closing tag. Now at the moment, I'm not importing motion here so I have to do that, import motion from Framer Motion. And then with that imported here on this motion order list which is now wrapped by AnimatePresence, we can also set an exit animation. And here, for example, play the same animation as I did for the individual item so that the overall list is also animated out if it disappears. And now if you do that, if I remove the first item, in my case here in the completed list by marking it as failed, that's still animated. But the last item now also is kind of animated because it was that list that was now removed with an animation. We therefore now also get animation, if we switch between those tabs, at least if we go from a list with items to a list without items, because of course if we switch tabs, what happens technically in this code here is that state changes and displayedChallenges becomes an empty array. Because I'm deriving it up here by filtering it and by changing lists, I'm simply ending up with a list that then is empty. Therefore, since after switching tabs displayedChallenges sometimes may be empty, this entire list is removed and the exit animation is played. That's why we're seeing this animation if we're switching from a tab with items to a tab without items. What you also might have noticed is that as the last item is removed, if you take a look here at the bottom, there's no challenges found text actually occurred before the list was gone. And that's of course not necessarily the behavior we might want to have. And we can fix this behavior by wrapping AnimatePresence not just around that list, but actually also around this fallback paragraph that's shown if we have no items in the list for this selected tab. Though, that alone is not enough because as you'll see, if I empty this list again, it still does not behave the way I want it to behave. Instead now it suddenly disappears instantly which is not what I want. Where is that exit animation we had before? Well, to bring back this exit animation of this ordered list here again, we now have to tweak this ordered list and this paragraph. Because now here in this AnimatePresence that wraps both the list and the paragraph we of course have two elements, the list and the paragraph. And even though those elements are of different types, an ordered list and a paragraph, we need to add the key prop now to help Framer Motion tell them apart. Now, we also needed that here on this AnimatePresence here with the challenge items but those items already had a key. And we did not need that before in the header where we conditionally rendered the new challenge component because here we only had one component between AnimatePresence. But whenever you have more than one, you should add a key to every element here in AnimatePresence to help Framer Motion tell them apart. And here, this can be a hardcoded key. This ordered list can get a key off list and this fallback paragraph here can get a key of fallback, for example. But if you do that, if you add those keys, you'll see that now as we empty those lists, the animation is back, but we still see that fallback text at the same point of time where the last item is animated out. And to get rid of this behavior, we now have to do one last thing. We have to configure this AnimatePresence that does wrap our ordered list and this paragraph. There we have to set the mode prop and set it to wait. The default is sync, which means it plays all the animations inside of this component here simultaneously. So if one element disappears like this list and one element appears like this paragraph, it plays both animations at the same point of time. Now here we actually want it to wait, and hence we have to set the mode to wait for this first element to disappear before it plays any appearance animations. So therefore, now if we set mode wait here, it will wait for this item to be animated out, this last item here before it then displace the animation of this fallback text. And at the moment, this text actually has no animation though we could of course add one. We could change this from a standard paragraph to a motion paragraph and then add an entry animation by adding the initial and animate props. And initial could be set to an object where the the opacity is zero and the item is pushed up by 20 pixels. And animate could be set to an object where opacity is then set to one. So that's the target state we want to have as the entry animation is played and y is zero. And of course, we could also add an exit animation here and for example, set the opacity back to zero and y to minus 20 again. And we could also use variance if we wanted to but here I'll use these standard configuration objects instead. And with that, you'll see that now, if I switch tabs, this text also is animated out as I switch tabs. And then if I empty my list, now this last item is first animated out before it then animates this text in. And that's how you can use AnimatePresence also with multiple items to control how these different items are animated and how they are animated in relation to each other.