Now let's stick to this list here for the moment. Most things here look good but there's one strange behavior. If I'm in a list with at least two items, and I view the details of one of these items, you see that it wobbles around strangely like this image gets distorted briefly and it doesn't look great. Now we get this strange behavior here because our challenge items, which are our list items have this layout prop on them. If I would remove that, you would see that now it does not behave in this strange way but now it just instantly jumps instead. And we now of course also lost this sliding animation of the remaining item. Now we got this strange behavior where everything wobbles around with layout added here because layout, as mentioned, gets Framer Motion to animate layout changes of this list item. For example, a change in its position, like this change in the list in which this item is placed. But another layout change that gets animated by Framer Motion with that prop added on a component is a change in height of that component. And that's exactly what happens if we expand those details. And that's why we're getting this strange wobbly behavior here. A solution to this problem here is to animate this occurrence of this text here. Because if we explicitly animate the appearance of this item, this change in height doesn't occur suddenly and doesn't trigger this layout animation. That's the idea. So to animate the appearance of this item here, we should change this div here to a motion.div and then add an initial animation state so that we can set up an entry animation if this gets expanded with initial and animate. And the initial state should, for example, be that the height of this item is zero, because it's not there yet, and the opacity is zero maybe so that it's transparent. But we then animate to a height auto, which is a value you can animate to. So you're not limited to hard-coded values, but instead you can also use auto if you don't know the height in advance and an opacity of one, so that this is not transparent anymore. With that, if I save this, if I expand this, this now expands smoothly. Closing it still is strange, but expanding works just fine. And closing of course looks strange, because, as you learned, this item gets removed from the DOM instantly here if isExpanded is false. There is no exit animation being played. And it also wouldn't be played if we added like this because it gets removed instantly. So we have to do what we already did before. We have to wrap this with AnimatePresence, this entire block here. And for this of course, AnimatePresence must be imported into this file. And then we can add an exit animation where we, for example, animate back to this initial state. And with that now, if we save this, both expanding and closing plays with a smooth animation and does not distort other parts of those items