So with all these steps taken, these tabs here look pretty nice but there are two final things here I want to improve. The first thing that could be improved is that if we switch from an empty tab with no items to a tab with items, those items don't really animate in. Instead they just pop in like this and that's okay, but not great. The other thing I want to improve is that this bar should be animated between those different tabs as we switch tabs so that this bar should smoothly switch between those tabs. But we'll start with animating those items that appear here. And all we need to do here to make this look better is go back to Challenges.jsx. And here on this ordered list where we set up an exit animation, we need to add an animation that's being played as this list appears. And here I'll just grab the initial and animate prop values from this fallback paragraph because I wanna play the same animation here for the list. So on this ordered list, I'll add these initial and animate props with those values. And with that, now if we move to a different tab with no items and back to a tab with items, this list appears in a nicer way. So that's looking good. So let's say for now focus on this bar. And animating this bar so that it moves between these tabs, probably sounds pretty complex and difficult but thankfully it's not difficult at all. Because Framer Motion has a feature that's built specifically for use cases like this where you have some shared element that needs to move around in your UI. And it's important to note here that in challenge tabs which is where this bar is in yet located, here in this tab component, that in the end we're dealing with three different bars here. Every tap gets its own bar that's shown conditionally if that tab is selected. So it's technically not one DOM element that moves around. Instead, we have three DOM elements that are added or removed from the DOM depending on which tab is selected. And still, Framer Motion has a built-in feature that makes animating use cases like this a breeze because all we have to do is to go to this place where this shared element kind of is created in JSX code and convert this element to a motion component. So to a motion.div in this case. And for that, I first must import motion into this file. So import motion from Framer Motion. And now with this element being converted, we can add a special new prop on it. And that's the layout ID prop. So not layout but layoutId. And as the name suggests, here you should assign an ID to this element, for example tab-indicator. And now with that layout Id added to a motion element, Framer Motion will do some magic behind the scenes. It will basically automatically detect whenever you are rendering another element with the same layoutId in a different place of your page and it will automatically play a smooth animation. So therefore, here with this layoutId added, if we save this, that's all we have to do to get this nice animation of this bar below our tabs. And therefore, now I'd argue that these tabs look rather nice and as you saw, we were able to build this with just a handful of Framer features.