As a next and almost final step in this section here, I now wanna show you how you can re-trigger an animation after it already played. And for that, let's say that we wanna bump those badges whenever the number in those badges changes. So if I move this item from the Completed list to the Failed list, this Failed and this Completed badge should bounce because they both changed. Now, to achieve this, we can go to this Badge component file and in there we can import motion from Framer Motion as we did it multiple times already. To convert this span from a span to a motion span. Of course, also for the closing tag. And with that we can add a little animation here that should be played whenever this element appears on the screen. And we could do this with initial and animate as we did it multiple times before, or actually with just animate since we can also set key frames to define multiple steps we wanna go through without defining initial. And that's simply an alternative approach I'm showing to you here. So here we could then animate the scale, so the size of this span, and then set a couple of key frames so that we start at the initial size but then we go to 1.2 so to a 20% bigger size, and then back to 1. And I will also add the transition prop to all the control the duration of this animation and set this to 0.3, so to 300 milliseconds. With that, if we save that, you will see those badges bump whenever we reload the page, but not thereafter. If I move items around, those badges are not bumping, and why would they? This animation here is only played once when the element first appears. But that's exactly what this lecture is about now, because you can actually restart this animation, you can reset this component so to say and kind of make React think that it just appeared. And you can easily do that from inside ChallengeTabs which is where I'm using this Badge component, by adding a key to it. Now in React, you mostly know this key from lists. Whenever you map through items to output a list, you should add a key to every item. That's what you learned in this course and what you should know as a React developer. In this section you also learned that with Framer Motion you also need a key if you have an animate presence with multiple child items. But in React, even if you're not using Framer Motion, keys also have another purpose. When you add them on an element and you then change the value that's assigned to the key. For example, because of some state change, React will basically destroy the old component instance and render a new one instead. So you can add that key prop to any component of your choice and change that value then to get React to recreate that component. And that will reset any internal state stored in that component, and also therefore re-trigger any entry animations that should be played. And therefore, here we can add a key prop to the Badge component and set this to badgeCaption. And the badgeCaption will be the number of items in the list to which the badge belongs, and it will change whenever that number of items changes. Therefore, the key will change whenever the number of items in a list changes, and the badge will be recreated and the entry animation will be played again. That's how we're using this key to get Framer Motion to play that animation again. And therefore, now with that key added on the badge, if you watch those badges now, if I click Mark as failed here, you see the Completed and the Failed badge bumped. Let's do it again. Here we go. And we can of course, do the same in the opposite direction. And that's another very useful thing and pattern to be aware of. Setting the key and setting it to a different value will recreate the component and can therefore be used to rerun entry animations.