Now, to conclude this section, let's go back to the starting page, where we have this hero standing in front of the skyline and this 'get started' button. Now of course this is just a dummy page, but at the moment it's very boring. And to make it less boring, I want to add some animations to this hero image and to this whole area at the start of this page. And I want to add a nice parallax, in fact, which simply means that these different images should move at different speeds as we scroll to create a good looking, nice effect. And that's also pretty straightforward to do with Framer Motion. Now for that, we need to go to the page's directory, and there to the welcome.jsx file because that's where all this welcome screen code lives. And in there, I now want to animate this div, this image, and this image, depending on how far the user scrolled. So therefore, as a first step to animate this div and the two images, we must import something from Framer Motion, and that something, of course, is this motion here to create those motion components. So a motion div here. And then also two motion images. Because otherwise we won't be able to animate these things. But now the tricky thing will be to derive the actual values we want to animate to. Because now we don't have hard coded animation values, we can set animate y to a fixed value, for example, because this value should change as the user scrolls. That's the idea here. And therefore, instead of setting this to hard coded values, we need a way of finding out how far the user scrolled. And we need to translate that information to animation values we want to use on this div and those images. And this is, again, super simple to do with Framer Motion because it gives us two very useful hooks that help with this task. The first hook is to use scroll hook. This hook will help us listen to scroll events and find out how far the user scrolled. The second important hook is to use transport hook, which will allow us to transform values to values we can use in animations. For example, values you get from scrolling to values we can use to animate the movement along the y axis. So we need these two hooks, and I'll now show you how to use them. We'll start by using use scroll. This will return an object with a couple of useful properties. For example, the scrollY property to tell us by how many pixels the user scrolled along the vertical axis. We also have scrollX for the horizontal axis, and we have progress properties to get a relative scrolling value. So a value between zero and one, for example, where one would mean that the user scrolled all the way to the bottom and zero means the user didn't scroll at all. But here, I want to get the absolute pixels with scrollY. And now these pixels should be translated to values we can use for the animation. And let's maybe start by animating some opacity before we start moving elements. Because starting with opacity and transporting this scroll value to opacity values makes understanding this use transform hook a little bit easier, in my experience. So let's say that we want to make this city image here more and more transparent as the user scrolls along, so then after awhile it is totally transparent. To achieve this, you must set the animate prop here, and then the opacity, and now we need a value of zero once we scrolled far enough and a value of one initially, so that it's visible. Hence, we need to transform scrollY to one and zero and all the values in between as we are scrolling. And that's what use transform does for us. Use transform takes a value that should be transformed, so scrollY in this case, the number of pixels the user scrolled. Then as a second value, it will take an array of break points, you could say, and as a third value, an array of values. Those break points and the values between those break points should be transformed too. So let's start with the break points. Keep in mind that this here scrollY will be the number of pixels the user scrolled. Initially that will be zero, if we start at the top of the page. But at some point, we might have scrolled by 200 pixels along the vertical axis, so we scrolled down 200 pixels. Now we might want to translate these pixel values to an opacity of one initially, so that this city image is fully visible initially when we haven't scrolled at all. And then maybe a opacity of .5, so that it has a transparency of 50%. It's 50% transparent after we scroll 200 pixels. And Framer Motion will automatically interpolate between those values. And that's how use transform is used to transform these pixel values to opacity values. You're also not limited to two values here. We could add a third break point of 300 and a fourth and last break point of 500. Now, we also should add some matching values here in this transformation array. And we could say that after 300 pixels, we still want to have an opacity of .5. So as the user continues scrolling after 200 pixels of scrolling down, the opacity will not change. However, if we then add a last value of zero here, this means that after 300 pixels all the way up to 500 pixels of scrolling, the opacity will change from .5 to zero, which means that the item will be transparent. That's how we can transform values and use transform then returns the transformed value. Though it actually wraps this in a so-called motion value object so that it does not re-render this component function every time we scroll, but instead manages this transformed value behind the scenes without causing the component function to re-render. So that this entire animation does not impact the component render cycle. That's really important to keep in mind. So here we get the opacity for our city. And this opacity city value can now be used to update the animation of this image. However, you actually don't do that with hubble key anime prop now. Instead, those motion components all to support the style prop, which regular components also support, but it's now an enhanced style prop. This is a style prop that will be watched by Framer Motion, and as value is applied to style prop change, Framer Motion will automatically play an animation to get to that new value. And you need to use this style prop with the results you get back from use transform because those values, as I mentioned before, are managed behind the scenes by Framer Motion. This component function will not be re-executed as this value changes. And therefore, animate wouldn't work with this special kind of value. This special style prop here however will. And there, you can now, for example, set your opacity to opacity city. And behind the scenes, Framer Motion will detect changes in that value and will smoothly animate this component, this image component, even though it's overall welcome page component was not re-executed. So it will lay this animation in a highly performing way. And therefore, now with that, if you save that and reload the page, if you scroll down, you'll see that this city image gets more and more transparent. And at some point, if you scroll down far enough, it disappears. You can of course also see that if you inspect it with the div tools. This image here, as you scroll, you see the opacity here, and you see it changes as I continue scrolling. Now there is pause at .5 because that's where we have this scrolling range where we don't change the opacity. But after that range, after some time here, after we continue scrolling, it continues updating and decreases until it reaches zero. And that's how you can update styles and get Framer Motion to play animations based on scrolling values after transforming those values to the special values that can be used on a style prop. And now with that, we're of course not limited to just animating the opacity of this city image. We can now, for example, also animate the y position of this city image, so the position along the vertical axis. For that, we can use transform again to again transform this scrolling value, maybe based on a range of zero to 200 to a movement on the y axis between zero, so the original position, and minus 100, where the item gets pushed up a little bit. And you can simply play around with different values here to see their impact. With that, we can use Y city and set it as a value for Y here on this style prop on this city image. And if you do that, you'll see that now we got a nice parallax effect already because the city image in the background moves at a different speed than the superhero image and the text above it. Because we're mapping it to a different a range, to different pixels, it should animate between as the user scrolls. And this approach can now be repeated to also animate the superhero image, so that we have a y hero and an opacity hero constant here. And for y hero, I'll use the same range as for y city, but I'll map it to a different movement range, let's say zero to -150, so that the hero gets pushed up further as we scroll than the city does. And for opacity hero, I'll set a range of zero, 300, 500. And keep that hero fully opaque, so fully visible, until after 300 pixels, and then I'll fade it out until we scroll 500 pixels down. And last but not least, I also want to scale my text by transforming my scrolling position along the y axis for a range between zero and 300 from a value of one, which is the initial size, to a value of 1.5. So that it's 50% bigger after we scroll to 300 pixels down. And now we can assign all these values. For example, on this motion div here, onset the style prop, the special style prop here, and set the scale to scale text. And now actually I'll move the text along the y axis. So for that, I'll also add another constant here, y text, and use transform to transform scrollY for a range of zero, 200, 300, 500 to a movement range of zero, 50, 50, 300. So between 200 and 300 pixels, the text will be stuck pushed down by 50 pixels from its original position, and then we'll push it down further to 300 pixels at 500 pixels of scrolling. And therefore, here I'll also set y to y text on this div here. And now here on my hero image, I'll also add this style prop here, and set y to y hero and opacity to opacity hero. With that, we can save that. And if we now reload this page here, we get a nice parallax effect here where the hero moves at a slightly different speed than the city and this text gets bigger and bigger and moves as well until we push it down like this and we're right above the upper text here. And of course, you can tweak those values, animate other things, play around with use transform and different properties you can animate. But this hopefully shows you that its relatively easy with Framer Motion to map user scrolling to animate-able values and to then get Framer Motion to perform the appropriate animations.