In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the famous dining philosophers problem. So it was formulated by Dijkstra, the famous computer scientists, back in 1965. The problem itself is that five philosophers are present at a table and there are five forks or chopsticks. The philosophers can eat or think. So these are the fundamental two operations philosophers can do. Then philosophers can eat when they have both left and right. Chopsticks. A chopstick can be hold by one philosopher at a given time, of course. And the problem is that how to create a multi-threaded application such that no philosopher will starve. So basically the aim is to avoid deadlocks. You may pose the question that, okay, why deadlock may happen because of the chopsticks, Because there are five philosophers and there are five chopsticks. It is not possible for all the philosophers to eat at the same time because a philosophers can eat when they have both left and right chopsticks. So basically the philosophers are going to compete for the chopsticks and this is why deadlocks may occur. Okay, So for example, we have five philosophers, P zero, P, one, P, two, three and four. So in this it starts with zero. And of course we have the five chopsticks C, zero, C, one, two, three and four. So we are going to store the philosophers in a one dimensional array and we are going to store the chopsticks in a one dimensional array. And let's consider the situation when one of the philosophers tries to eat. In this case, it tries to pick up the left chopstick and if it is available, then it tries to pick up the right chopstick. If the given philosopher manages to acquire both the left chopstick and the right chopstick, then the philosopher is able to eat and after the eating procedure, the philosopher puts down the right chopstick and then the left chopstick. So these are the operations we have to consider in order to handle philosophers eating. So the philosopher will acquire the left chopstick, then the right chopstick, and after eating it will put down the right chopstick, then the left chopsticks. So the order does matter. So this is the problem we are going to consider in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.