So let's talk about the implementation of the dining philosophers problem. So first of all, I closed the Multithreading project and then let's create several classes. So we are going to create a class for the application and the package name will be called the Global Software Support DOT application and I need the public static void main method. So that's all about the application class. Then we will have several other helper classes. First of all, we have a class for the philosopher. Okay, then we have a class for the chopstick, then we have a class for the constants. So we are going to store the application related constants in this constants file. And then we have another across the state, essentially the state of the chopstick. So first of all, let's talk about the constant class because it is a constant. We are not able to instantiate that given class. So this is why we can make sure that the constructor will be private. So basically, if a class has a private constructor, then we are not able to instantiate it from outside. So here for example, if we try to instantiate a new constants, C is a new constants that there is going to be an exception that the constructor constants is not visible. So this is how we make sure that we are not able to instantiate this constant class because it is going to store public static final variables such as integer. The number of philosophers is equal to five. Okay, then we have another variable for the number of chopsticks. So chopsticks is equal to five as well. And I'm going to create a public static final integer simulation running time in milliseconds. It is going to be five times 1000 milliseconds. So what does it mean that the simulation is going to run for 5 seconds? So this is the number of philosophers. Of course, this is what we have been talking about in a previous lecture that we have one, two, three, four and five, the philosophers, and we have one, two, three, four, five chopsticks. So this is why we have these constants variables. And the state loss is going to represent whether the chopstick is a left chopstick or a right chopstick. So every single philosopher has a left chopstick and the right chopstick. Of course, you may have the intuition that the left chopstick of the first philosopher, for example, is the right chopstick of the second philosopher with P one. Of course, this is the problem, and this is exactly why that looks may arise because the philosophers are competing for the chopsticks. But anyways, every single philosopher will have a left chopstick or a right chopstick. And this is why the chopstick can be a left chopstick or a right chopstick. Okay, so we have the left and the right values. And of course, it is not going to be a class. It is going to be an enum, so let's save it. And that's all about the constants class and that's all about the state class, whether it is a left chopstick or a right chopstick. In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the chopstick class implementation and the philosophers class implementation. Thanks for watching.