In this lecture, we are going to implement the chopstick class. So first of all, every single chopstick will be identified by an integer ID and we are going to use a lock. First of all, let's import java until concurrent logs dot, and you may pose the question that why do we need a look? And the reason is that there may be cases when several philosopher tries to use the same chopstick. So this is exactly why we have to use some kind of synchronization. This is what we have been talking about, that for example, as far as philosopher zero and philosopher one is concerned, the left chopstick of philosopher zero is the same as the right chopstick of philosopher one. So it may happen that both of the philosophers, philosopher, zero and philosopher one tries to acquire the same chopstick with index zero. So this is why we have to use some form of synchronization that whenever the philosopher Zero has already acquired this chopstick, then the philosopher one has to wait for the other philosopher to release that given chopstick. So this is exactly why we are going to use a given lock. What about the constructor? So constructor of the chopstick, we get an ID, so we set the ID to be equals to the ID. And of course we have to define a concrete implementation for the lock and it's going to be the RI entrant lock. So the lock is just an interface and the reinforcement lock is going to be the implementation. Of course we have to import the locks dot re entrance lock, so we are going to use a entrance lock in order to synchronize the chopstick. And of course there's going to be two methods. First of all, the philosopher can pick up a given chopstick and the philosopher can put down a given chopstick. So we will have a public Boolean pick up. It's going to be Boolean because this pick up method is going to return. Whether the given philosopher is able to pick up the chopstick or not. So first of all, we have a philosopher philosopher and we get a given state. The state, as you may recall, is whether the chopstick is a left chopstick or a right chopstick. So this is why we have the philosopher and the state. And here this is where we will simulate deadlock, because whenever we use something like this, that lock, that lock, what's going to happen? The lock method tries to acquire the lock. But what's extremely crucial that the thread can wait forever until the lock has been acquired. So if the lock is already acquired by another philosopher, so basically the chopstick is acquired by another philosopher, then a deadlock situation can occur very, very easily because there may be cases when the philosophers are waiting for other philosophers to finish with eating procedure. But of course the philosophers are not able to eat with the help of a single chopstick. So they are waiting for the other philosopher to finish eating. And this is when deadlock occurs. So we are going to take a look at the lock method when we will run the application. But a better solution, as we have discussed when dealing with deadlocks, is to try to acquire the lock for a given period of time. So this is why we will use the trialogue method and the given philosopher will try to get the lock. So try to get the chopstick for 10 milliseconds. So time unit dot milliseconds. Okay. Of course it is going to show as an interrupted exception. So I'm going to throw this interrupt the exception here. Okay. So what's crucial that we can check that if the given philosopher is able to acquire the given lock, then what's going to happen? We just have to print out that system out print line the philosopher picked up and then we can print out this. This reference is the chopstick object. So we just have to override the two string method that's going to transform the object into a string. So we have to return with chopstick, plus we have the ID, so let's use the override annotation because we can override a two string method in a given class. Let's print out the state to string as well. And after that we will use something like this. So we will print out the philosopher with the ID we have philosopher zero, philosopher, one, philosopher two and so on. So for example, philosopher zero picked up, we print out. A state left or right, and this is going to print out the chopstick with the ID. So Philosopher zero picked up the last chopstick zero. For example, every single philosopher is identified by an ID and every single chopstick is identified by an ID as well. This is exactly what we have been talking about. PHILOSOPHER zero one, two, three and four. And we have the chopsticks. Chopsticks zero, one, two, three and four. Okay, so if the philosopher is able to acquire the log, so basically the philosopher is able to pick up the given chopstick, then of course we return true, otherwise we return false. Okay, so that's all about the pickup method and we have to define the public void put down. Of course, again, we have to define the philosopher that's going to put down the given chopstick. So first of all, we have to unload. So we have to release the given log, which means that the chopstick will become free again. It can be picked up by other philosophers. So we print out that system out print line, the philosopher plus put down. And again we call this what's going to happen whenever we call this. Then the two string method is going to be called and it returns with the chopstick with the ID, so philosopher puts down the chopstick with a given ID. So that's all about the chopstick. What's crucial that this is when we use synchronization because we would like to make sure that no two philosophers can manipulate and use the same chopstick at the same time. Of course. So this is why we instantiate a new entrance lock and we have two methods pick up and put it down in the pick up method. This is when we try to acquire the given look. We are going to take a look at the deadlock case, so we will use the lock instead of the trialogue and we will come to the conclusion that it is extremely easy to end up with a deadlock situation when dealing with the dining philosophers problem. So this is what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures How to Deal with deadlock. We can use lock interfaces trialogue method in order to make sure that the thread doesn't block infinitely if it is unable to acquire a given law. So this is exactly what we are going to do. The philosopher tries to acquire the chopstick for 10 milliseconds, and if it is not able to pick up the given chopstick, then we return false and basically nothing happens. Okay. And within the put down method we unlock with the lock, which means that the philosopher is going to release the given chopstick. So that's all about the chopstick class. Thanks for watching.