In this lecture, we are going to talk about the implementation of the philosopher class. So first of all, it's going to have several instance variables. For example, every single philosopher is identified by an ID. This is what we have been talking about. Then we are going to have a volatile Boolean flag, whether the philosopher is full or not. So basically this is how we can control whether to stop the philosopher as a thread or not, because every single philosopher is going to be a distinct threat. So this is why, first of all, we have to make sure that the philosopher implements the reasonable interface. And of course, this is why we have to override the unimplemented one method. So we have a private, volatile boolean is full and of course we have a private chopstick left chopstick and we have another chopstick for the right chopstick. Okay, we are going to generate random numbers. So this is why we need random and of course we need the private integer eating counter. So we are going to increment the encounter by one after the philosopher has eaten. And this is why we can track that. How many times a given philosopher eat. Okay, so first of all, we have to import java utils at random and the philosopher can do two things. It can think and it can eat. So first of all, let's implement the private void think method. It will throws an interrupted exception. So we just print out system out print line. This as the philosopher is thinking, of course we have to override. So we use the override annotation and we use the public string to string method so we can override the two string. And what do we have to do? We just have to return with the philosopher and we have to append the ID and within the thing method we are going to generate a random number. So spread that sleep. We are going to simulate thinking with the help of stress sleep, and we are going to sleep for a random amount of time. So we have the random next integer within the range, for example, zero and a thousand, which means that the fellow does offer things for random time within the range zero and 1000 milliseconds. Okay, then of course we need a very, very similar method, the so called it. So the other operation a philosopher can does is eating apart from thinking we print out that this is eating, this is the philosopher itself. So this is how we call the two string method. Then what do we have to do? We have to increment the eating counter. So eating counter plus plus. And again we are going to simulate eating operation with the help of stress sleep. So we are going to sleep for a random amount of time within the range zero and 1000. Again, this is in milliseconds. Okay. And of course we have a helper method. Public void set fool. We have a boolean is full variable and we set the is full variable to be is full. By the way, maybe it is not the best solution possible. We have the fool and we use something like this. The variable name is going to be full because usually the getter name will be is fool. So the public boolean is full method is going to return with this dot fool whether the philosopher is full or not. Okay. So as far as the constructor is concerned, so we have the philosopher constructor, we get an ID, we get a chopstick as the left chopstick, and we get another chopstick as the right chopstick. Okay, This is what we have been talking about, that every single philosopher is going to use a left chopstick and a right chopsticks. So it has to acquire the left chopstick and the right chopstick before starting to eat. So this is why we need a left chopstick and a right chopsticks. So this that ID is the ID. Then we have this. The left chopstick is equal to the left chopstick and then the right chopstick is equals to. Right. CHOPSTICK So something like this. And of course, we have to make sure that we avoid 0.3 exceptions, so we instantiate the random as a new random number generator. So let's talk about the rum method. The rum method is going to be executed by a given strategy. This is why every single philosopher implements the round table interface, because we are going to assign a distinct strategy to every single philosopher. Okay, so first of all, we use a tricky edge block and we are going to catch any type of exceptions. So exception E And we just print the stacked race of the given exception. So what do we have to do while the full parameter is not true? So I'm not sure whether this variable is clear or not, but after eating a lot, for example a 1000 times, then we will terminate the given thread. So this is how we can terminate a given thread that the while loop is going to be terminated whenever the full variable is going to be updated. If the full variable is equals to true, this is how we can break out of the while loop. So what do we have to do? The philosopher will think for a little time and after that it is going to eat. But of course we have to check whether the given chopsticks are available. So again, what do we have to do? We have to check that if the left chopstick does not pick up as far as the philosopher and as far as the state left is concerned, sorry for that. The philosopher is going to be this that represents the philosopher itself. Basically, it means that we try to pick up the left chopstick with the help of the given philosopher. This is why we have implemented the pick up method as a public Boolean method. As you can see, it takes a philosopher and the state as the inputs and it tries to get the given chopstick. So what's going to happen that here if the left chopstick pickup method returns true, it means that the philosopher is able to acquire the left chopstick. After that, what do we have to do? Of course we have to do the same with the right chopstick. So right chopstick that pick up. And of course this represents the philosopher. And of course we try to pick up the right chopstick. After picking up the left chopstick, we try to pick up the right chopstick. So this is exactly what we have been talking about in a theoretical section that the philosopher tries to acquire the left chopstick, and if it is available, then it tries to acquire the right chopstick. And if both of the chopsticks are available, then the philosopher is going to eat for a random amount of time. So this is why we try to pick up the left chopstick by the philosopher. Then we try to pick up the right chopstick with the philosopher. And if it is true, which means that the philosopher is able to pick up the left and the right chopsticks as well, then we can call the eat method and after that we can put down the right chopstick. So right chopstick that put down as far as the philosopher and as far as the state that right is concerned. And the put down method is not going to take the state as the argument. We have to define the state as the argument and philosopher puts down. And here we print out the state the to string and we print out the chopstick itself. So we are going to use the state as an argument. So this is how we can pick up a given chopstick, the left chopstick, then the right chopstick, then the philosopher is eating and after that the philosopher puts down the right chopstick and finally it puts down the left, chopstick put down this is the philosopher. And of course the philosopher puts down the left chopstick. And as you may see, that if this right chopstick pickup method returns false, it means that the philosopher is not able to eat. So it is going to put down the left chopstick it has acquired here. So again, I don't want to repeat myself over and over again, but the philosopher has to acquire the left chopstick than the right chopstick. Then the philosopher is able to eat and after the eating procedure it will put down the right chopstick and then the left chopstick. And that's all about the philosopher's clause. So we have managed to implement the philosopher as a reasonable basically every single philosopher is a thread in our. Son. Every single philosopher can acquire a left chopstick or a right chopstick if it is available. So this is why we have to use the pick up method that's going to return true if the given chopstick is available or false if it doesn't. And of course we have the helper method. These are the thinking method and the eating method. As you can see, we are going to simulate these operations with the help of sleep method. So the philosophers will think for a random amount of time and they are going to eat for a random amount of time as well within the range zero and 1000 milliseconds. So in the next lecture we are going to talk about the executed service itself and how to assign a given strategy to every single philosopher. Thanks for watching.