In the previous lectures we have been talking about the philosopher Klaus implementation, the Chopstick Klaus implementation constants and the state classes, and now we are going to implement the application itself. So first of all, the main is going to throws an interrupted exception. So we don't want to handle interrupted exceptions in this case. So what do we have to do? First of all, we are going to create an executor service as the executor. It is null at the beginning. Let's use the name executor service. And of course we have to import the executor service interface. And I create a philosopher, one dimensional array philosophers. Okay, It is equals to a null at the beginning. And then we are going to use a try catch block try and we are going to implement the simulation here. We are not going to catch the exception, but we are going to use a finally. Okay, So first of all, the philosophers, one dimensional array is equals to a new philosophers array with as many items as we have defined in the constants clause. So number of philosophers. So we are going to create five philosophers because this is what we have been defined here. Number of philosophers is equals to five. Then of course we create a one dimensional array of chopsticks. So chopstick, one dimensional array chopsticks is equals to a new chopstick, one dimensional array with as many items as the number of chopsticks. Okay. So maybe just to be consistent, I'm going to use something like this here. So we define the executor service. We define the one dimensional array of the philosophers, and we define a one dimensional array of the chopsticks. And it is initialized to be a null at the beginning. So we use something like this. Okay, so we have created the philosophers and the chopsticks. Then we iterate through integer I is equals to zero. I is less than the constants dot number of chopsticks plus plus I. And here the chopsticks with I index is equals to a new chopstick and the id is going to be i so zero one, two, three and four. So if you may recall, the Chopsticks class is going to have an integer ID as the argument in the constructor. So this is why every single chopstick is going to have an integer value. Zero one, two, three and four. Okay. Then we are going to initialize the executor service is the executors fixed thread pool. So we are going to create a new fixed thread pool. Of course, with as many threads as the number of philosophers. This is what we have been talking about, that we are going to assign a distinct thread to every single philosopher. So this is why we are going to create a thread pool with as many threads as the number of philosophers. Okay. And then we have to consider the philosophers. So integer I is less than the constants dot number of philosophers plus plus I. So we instantiate a new philosopher philosophers with index I is equals to a new philosopher. So what do we have to do? We have to define the I as the index. So a given philosopher is waiting for an ID, a left chopstick and a right chopstick. So we are going to handle the chopsticks. As far as the I index is concerned. Then we define the chopsticks with the index I plus one and we have to use the modulo operator. The constants dot number of philosophers. So you may pose the question that, okay, why do we have to use the modulo operator? The modulo operator has something to do with the remainder. For example, five divided by two is equals to two plus we have a remainder one and this modulo operator is going to return the remainder. For example, ten divided by four has the remainder two because two times four is eight plus two is equals to ten. So the modulo operator is going to return with the remainder. And why is it crucial? Because this is the problem itself. The first philosopher p zero has the left chopstick with index zero and the right chopstick with index one. Then the second philosopher with index one has two chopsticks. Again, the left chopstick with index one and the right chopstick with index two. But what about the last philosopher? The last philosophers left. Chopstick is chopstick with index four but the right. Stick is the chop stick with index zero. So basically this is why we have to use the modulo operator because as far as the first four philosophers are concerned, it is going to work just fine. Zero and one. One and two, two and three as far as the indices are concerned. But when we are dealing with the last philosopher, we have to make sure that whenever I plus one is equal to five, we would like to use zero, because this is exactly what we have been talking about, that the last philosopher will have the chopstick with index four and the chopstick with index zero. Okay. And after that, what do we have to do? We have to start these given threads. So we are going to assign a given thread to every single philosopher. So executer service dot execute. This is what we have been talking about that the execute method is waiting for a runnable interface and because the philosopher is a runnable interface, we can start the given philosopher with index I. So this is how we assign a thread to every single philosopher. We assign the left chopstick and the right chopstick to every single philosopher. And then we are going to execute. What does it mean that the executor service is going to execute the run method of the philosophers? Okay, so this is how we start the given threads. After that, we sleep as many milliseconds as we have defined the simulation running time, and after that we are going to shut down the executor service. So executor service dot shut down. This is what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures that the shutdown method is going to make sure that the executor service is not going to execute any more tasks. So this is how we shut down the executor service. But of course we have to iterate through the philosophers, philosopher, philosopher. As far as the philosopher authors are concerned. And what do we have to do? Of course. Sorry for that. Something like this. And what do we have to do? Philosopher Dot set full. This is how we make sure that if we set it to be true, then what's going to happen? The run method is going to break out of the infinite while loop, which means that the philosophers are not going to think and they are not going to eat anymore. Basically, this is how we are going to terminate the given philosophers and the given threads. Okay. And as far as final is concerned, sorry for that. Maybe I am going to cut and paste it here because we are going to shut down the executor service in the finally block. And then what do we have to do? This shutdown method is guarantee that no more execute method is going to be called. But what about the actual running tasks? Of course we have to deal with them, so we have to check that if the executor service is terminated and of course, if it is not terminated, then what do we have to do? We are going to sleep for one 2nd or 1000 millisecond and then we are going to check again whether it is terminated or not. So instead of the if we are going to use a while loop. So while the executor service is not terminated, then we thread dot sleep. What does it mean that we wait one second, then try again. And after that we iterate through the philosopher. So philosopher, philosopher, as far as fellow surfers are concerned, and we print out system.out.printline the given philosopher eat and we get the philosopher dot get eating counter. And of course after that we can use times. I guess I forgot to implement the philosophers clause public integer get eating counter method. So get eating counter is going to return with this dot eating counter. So let's save it. And I guess that's all about the executor service. So we have created an executor service with a fixed thread pool with as many threads as the number of philosophers. We have created a one dimensional array for the philosophers and for the chopsticks. We have initialized the chopsticks and we have initialized the philosophers and we executed the philosophers on a one by one basis. Every single philosopher is a thread in the fixed thread pool. So this is why we can execute them on a one by one basis. And after waiting as many milliseconds as we have defined in the simulation running time variable in the constants class, we are going to terminate the given threads, which means that we shut down the executor service. We wait for the executor service to terminate. And after that we print out how many times a given philosopher eats. So this is why we have defined that given eating counter. And whenever the philosopher manages to eat, then we increment that variable. In the next lecture, we are going to run the simulation. Thanks for watching.