Okay. In the previous lectures, we have been talking about the implementation of the dining philosophers problem and let's see whether it is working fine or not. So we are going to run the simulation for 5 seconds. Why? Because we have defined the simulation running time variable five times 1000 milliseconds. So it is 5 seconds. So if we run the algorithm, then it is going to work just fine, as you can see. So it is going to run for 5 seconds. And after that, as you can see, Philosopher zero has eaten three times. Philosopher 145 times. Philosopher two eaten one time, then philosophers three for five times again, philosopher four for four times, and so on. So it is working quite fine, as you can see as far as synchronization is concerned. For the chopsticks, all the philosophers are thinking for a random amount of time. Then philosopher one picked up the left chopstick, the right chopstick, then it is eating and then there is going to be some code here. Then philosopher one puts down right chopstick, then philosopher one puts down left chopstick. And as you can see, the same chopstick IDs as it picked up one and two, and then it puts down two and one again. PHILOSOPHER four picked up left and right, four and zero. And after eating it, put it down zero and four. So it is going to work fine. And the aim of the dining philosopher problem is that we can avoid threat starvation. I'm going to leave a comment here that the aim of the simulation is that it is possible to avoid thread starvation, which means that all the threads are going to be executed by the executor service. Of course it is not true because some of the philosophers have eaten more, as you can see, five, three than one, five and four. But there is no threat starvation and there are no dead logs. So this is the second conclusion that we are able to avoid deadlocks because we use trialogue. So this is what we have been talking about, that every single philosopher tries to pick up the given chopstick for 10 milliseconds and after that they return false, which means that they stop trying to gauge the given chopstick. Okay, so this is what we have been talking about in the theoretical section, that if we want to make sure that a thread doesn't block infinitely, then we should use trialogue. So we should try to acquire the log for a small period of time. And after that we have to let it go. And this is how we can make sure that threads are not going to be blocked indefinitely. So this is the final conclusion that we are able to tackle thread starvation and we are able to avoid deadlocks. So let's see that after we run for 20 seconds. Then as you can see, approximately all the threads are executed more or less the same time. So this is how we can handle locks as far as multiple threads are concerned. Thanks for watching.