In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about one of the most important features of Java generics, the so called type erasure. So first of all, what is type erasure? Java uses type erasure to implement generics, So this is how generic code is handled. Type erasure is going to replace all generic type parameters with their bounds or object for unbounded type parameters. And this is true for wild cards as well. So what's crucial that the final bytecode will contain plain Java classes and objects exclusively. So if we have, for example, something like this, as far as bounded type parameters are concerned, then Java is going to replace this capital T with comparable because this is the bound if we are dealing with unbounded parameters. So let's take a look at for example, generic methods, I guess. So as far as this implementation is concerned, I think that we have something like this. Yeah. In this case, what's going to happen, Java is going to replace this capital T generic type parameter with object. So if there is a bound such as for example here, that T extends shape, then we are going to deal with the shape because this is the bound. If there is no bound at all, then we are dealing with objects. And it is true for wild cards. So if we are dealing with wild cards like this, then Java is going to replace the wild card with the bound. In this case with number. If we are dealing with unbounded wild cards, then Java is going to use plain objects. So what's absolutely crucial that the final bytecode will contain plain Java classes and objects exclusively. So it may happen that type erasure uses type casting. Sometimes it is needed to generate extra methods. These are the so-called bridge methods to be able to maintain polymorphism with generic types as well. We are going to talk about the bridge methods in one of the coming lectures and it is going to be clear. Okay. And if we consider, for example, this example, we create a list for integers, we instantiate it as a new ArrayList. We are using generics because we let Java know that we are going to store integers. So whenever we add a given integer value or whenever we get the first item with index zero, we know for certain that it is going to be integer. So this is why there is no need for costing the items. But after type erasure, Java is going to make sure that the final bytecode is going to contain standard Java classes and objects. So this is going to be the result. List list is equals to a new array list. So as you can see, we are using the road type, we add the integer three and because we do not use generics, we have to use type casting. Whenever we get the first item with index zero, then we have to cast it to integer because of course Java is going to store objects in this case. So it is absolutely crucial to know that using generics and generic programming helps software engineers to avoid runtime exceptions. It is a common interview question whether a generic code is faster than non generic code. So, for example, when we use the diamond operator with integers and in these cases there is no need for costing. So if we have the generic implementation and the non generic implementation, then a good question is what's going to be faster? And of course because of type erasure, it is going to be exactly the same because during type erasure, Java is going to get rid of wild cards and generic type parameters and the bytecode is going to be like this with the road type, with type costings and so on. So performance is going to be exactly the same as far as runtime performance is concerned. What's extremely crucial that with the help of generics we are able to transform runtime exceptions to compile time exceptions and of course it is a huge advantage. Okay, So in the byte code, the two code snippets are equivalent because of type erasure. So again, Java uses type erasure in order to implement generics, and under the hood the bytecode will contain classes and objects exclusively, so there may be row types, type costings and so on. So that's all about the theory behind type erasure. In the next lectures we are going to consider how type erasure works exactly under the hood. Thanks for watching.