In this lecture, we take a look at a concrete example for type erasure. So we have already created a store or I guess we have this bucket implementation as well. Yes. So it is generic. So let's see that if in the main method we instantiate a new bucket, for example we store integer values. This is the bucket and we instantiate it as a new bucket. And we store the integer value ten. So what I want to show you is that what's going to be the type of the item at runtime. And what we have discussed in the previous lecture that generics is a compile time feature, and Java removes generic during compilation, and it uses object instead, because object is the parent of every single object in Java. So this is going to be the result. So this is exactly what I want to show you. And in the coming chapters we are going to talk about reflection. Reflection is the ability of the Java programming language to inspect itself. We are going to talk about it later. What's crucial that we can check these types at runtime and we can get the field which is equals to the field. So let's import the Java long reflect. So as you can see it belongs to reflection. Essentially what we want to do is that we would like to inspect the type of that field variable at runtime. And what we have to do is that we have to reference this bucket class. And we have the get declared field. And then we have to define the name of that field variable that is item. So this is what we have to do. Of course it throws some exception. So let's add the exception to the method signature. So as you can see we have the no such file exception that we have to handle. And then I want to print out that field type after type erasure. And let's append the field dot get type. So if I save and run the application then we can come to the conclusion. Indeed that despite the fact that we implemented this bucket as a generic class at runtime, the field is an object. This is exactly what we have been talking about. This is type erasure that the generic types are replaced by object. And what if we use a bounded type parameter. So we have extends serializable just for demonstration purposes. If I save it. And then in the main method we do exactly the same. Then as you can see the field type after type erasure is serializable. Why? Because now we have a bound for the generic type. So what Java does during type erasure that it replaces all generic types with serializable. That is the bound. So this is exactly what's happening during type erasure. And this is exactly why we see serializable as the type at runtime. And by the way, it is quite a common interview question that if we have, for example, a list of integers, this is the integer list that is equals to a new ArrayList. Of course, we have to import the Java.util.list. So let's do that and we have to import ArrayList as well. And I copy and paste. And let's assume that we have a list of doubles. This is the double list. First of all I want to get rid of these. And this is a typical interview question that if we use integer list getclass, we are going to talk about this Getclass method in one of the upcoming chapters. It is related to reflection as well, so we get the class at runtime. If we do something like this. Double list get class. The intuition is that it is going to be false. Why? Because the first list is a list of integers. The second list is a list of doubles, but because of type erasure, the types are removed. So at compile time there are no types in generics. This is going to be something like this. And this is why the result is true. So if we save and run the application, then we can come to the conclusion that it is true. I guess it is a bit confusing at first glance, because we have a list of integers and another list of doubles, but because of type erasure, the types are removed at compile time, which means that whenever we get the classes at runtime, the class and the type is exactly the same. And by the way, if we print out the class itself, this is the ArrayList Java.util.arraylist. This is the shared type for integer list as well as for the double list. So that's all about type erasure. Thanks for watching.