Hi. In this video we are going to talk about type erasure, focusing on bridge methods. So bridge methods are usually occur when inheritance is used in the Java code. It is an additional method added during type erasure in order to avoid ambiguous situations. So let's take a close look at this implementation. This is what the programmer does, this is what the software engineer does. So we have a generic node class. It's going to store some generic data. It could be a custom object, it could be a string, it could be a double, it could be a float. It has a constructor and it has a set method. So we are able to inject the data from outside. We have a minor clause that's going to be extends this node, but this time we define that the data we would like to store are going to be integers. So we have a constructor that's going to call the super. So the parents clause constructor and it's going to set the data accordingly. And we have a set data that's going to get an integer and it's going to set the data in the superclass. So here, so far, so good. It's going to work just fine. But what's happened after type Erasure, as we have discussed in the previous lectures, that unbounded types are going to be replaced by object. So that's why this node is going to store objects in the constructor and in the set method. If you may recall, we have defined that it extends the node that's going to have integers as the data. So basically this my node is going to be integer and the set data is going to be integer. Okay. This is how we defined it in the original Java code. As you can see after type erasure, there's a problem because the set data method arguments do not match here. The set data is going to have an integer as an argument, but in the super clause it's going to have an object. So Java compiler is going to create an additional method in order to solve this problem. And this is what's called the bridge method. So the Java compiler is going to add this additional method. This is the so-called bridge method. And as you can see, it's going to have the same name as this method. So basically this method in the my node class, but it's going to wait for an object. It's not going to have an integer as an argument. It's going to wait for an object and it's going to cost this object into an integer and call this method. Basically it's going to get an integer and it's going to call the superclass set data method. So this is how bridge methods are generated. Usually you are not going to meet with these kinds of bridge methods because it is generated by the Java compiler, but it is good to know about them that what's happening in the background. Thanks for watching.