In this lecture, we are going to talk about what is the problem with the generic one dimensional array. So if we try to do something like this, then as you can see there is a compile time error. So the first conclusion is that we cannot do something like that. And you may pose the question why? First of all, Java generics are implemented via type erasure. This is exactly what we have discussed earlier, which means that at compile time, T is a placeholder for any type at runtime. All generic type information is erased and replaced with object. So if we do something like this, then under the hood because of type erasure, we would end up with something like this. But of course it is a problem that the compiler doesn't know what t actually is at runtime, because arrays as data structures are contiguous memory blocks. What does it mean that the Java memory allocates a single contiguous block of memory for the array? Each element in the array has a fixed size known at runtime. For integers it is four bytes. For doubles it is eight bytes. We start to understand that. What is the problem with this approach? If we end up with something like this with type erasure, this is not going to work fine because it depends on the exact type, whether it is an integer or a floating point value, or a double that what should be the size of every single slot in this one dimensional array? Because we would like to make sure that these array slots are located right next to each other in the memory. This is exactly how we end up with constant time indexing. That is the most powerful feature of a one dimensional array. So knowing the type is crucial because the Java virtual machine needs to know the size of each slot to create the contiguous block, and because a generic type is erased at compile time, the Java virtual machine cannot know the exact size of the generic type. That may be an integer, a double, or even a custom object. This makes it impossible to allocate a proper contiguous memory block for the generic one dimensional array. By the way, what we can do and this is how we can solve the problem, is that we cost it to a one dimensional array of generic types, and we can use array dot new instance. And here we can specify the type itself and then the length. So how many items we would like to store. And of course we have to make sure that it is defined in a generic class. So for example this is a variable in a generic class. So if we do something like this then as you can see it is working fine okay. So this is how we create an array. And now Java knows the type of the items that we are going to store in this one dimensional array at runtime as well because we define it explicitly. But of course this is not the best approach possible because usually it is a bit better approach to create a list. And we can use it with generic types or with wildcards as well, exactly as we have discussed in the previous lectures. So that's all about one dimensional array of generic types. Thanks for watching.