In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the list interface related classes. So first of all, let's talk about the list interface. The list interface is an ordered collection that allows us to store and access items in a sequential manner. It extends the collection interface. So this is what we have been talking about. That list is an interface. It extends the collection interface. And because collection interface extends the iterable interface, this is why we can come to the conclusion that list is an iterable as well. So the list interface is an ordered collection. And of course because it extends collections and iterable, it means that it can use all the methods related to iterable and collection. And what's crucial that lists can include duplicate values as well. So we are going to talk about sets, and we will come to the conclusion that we are not able to store duplicate values as far as a set is concerned, but lists are quite on the contrary. We can store duplicate values as well, and lists give the user full visibility and control over the ordering of its items. So we will come to the conclusion, when considering these data structures, that it is not always possible to guarantee the order of the items we are storing in the underlying data structure. One of the crucial advantages of lists is that we have full visibility and control over the ordering of its items, so we can search for list Java and we can check the documentation at Oracle. So if we click on lists then you can check the documentation. So as you can see list interface extending the collection and the iterable interfaces. So these are the super interfaces. And we can check the concrete implementations. So what does it mean the classes that are implementing the list interface. So ArrayList for example is a list linked list is a list stack vector. These are lists as well. So these are the concrete implementations. In the coming lectures we are going to talk about the crucial difference between array lists and linked lists. Because these are the most popular list implementations. And there is a crucial difference between array lists and linked lists. So in this lecture we are not going to talk. About the algorithms and the data structure related problems. But we can check the. So-called methods. So as you can see if you navigate to Oracle.com then you can check the documentation that contains all the methods associated with a given class or a given interface. So the list interface has the collection as the parent interface. So if we click on collection then we can check all the methods. So as you can see these are the methods that are coming from the collection interface. We can add a single item. We can add multiple items to the underlying data structure. We can remove all the items with the help of the clear method. And what's crucial that we can call the iterator method that's going to return an iterator over the elements in this collection. This is what we have been talking about that because collection is an iterable, which means that the collection interface extends the iterable interface. We can get the so-called iterator, which means that we can consider all the items one by one. As you can see, we can get the iterator and then while the iterator has an act, we can print out the values one by one, or we can use the foreach loop. So this is because of the iterable interface. There are several methods that are coming from the collections interface. We can check whether the underlying data structure is empty, so it returns true if this collection contains no items and otherwise it returns false. We can remove a given item. We can remove a collection of items. We can get the size, which means that going to return the number of items in the collection. So these methods have something to do with the collection interface. And of course there are several methods that's coming from the list interface. So we are going to talk about for example, Indexof method. We can get the index of a given object in the underlying data structure. Then we can get the last index of a given item. And we are going to talk about most of these methods in the coming lectures. Okay. So in the next lecture we are going to talk about array lists and link lists as far as the theory and the concrete implementation is concerned. Thanks for watching.