In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about array data structures. So first of all, what is the aim of a data structure? The aim is to make operations as fast as possible when we want to insert a new item into the underlying data structure, when we want to search for a given item or when we want to remove a given item. Okay, so this is the reason why we need data structures. What about arrays? Arrays are data structures where all the items are identified by a given integer value, starting with zero. This is called an index. And finally, the items of an array data structure are located right next to each other in the main memory or in the RAM. So the random access memory, which means that they can be accessed by indices. Okay. So the reason why we can use indices is the fact that the items are located right next to each other in the memory. And by the way, it is very similar to rooms in a hotel that has unique identifiers. If the rooms do not have unique identifiers and we are looking for a given room, then essentially we have no other option but to consider all the doors one by one if we have a given index. So essentially a unique identifier, then it is extremely easy and fast to find that given room. Okay, so this is the main advantage of array data structures, the so-called random indexing, which means that we can access items based on the indices extremely fast. Okay, so let's assume that we have a one dimensional array of integers, 34 -12 two 300 and so on. Every single item is identified by a given integer. This is the so called index. And of course these indices starts with zero. So the first item has index zero, Second item has index one, third item has index two and so on in Java. And by the way, this is the case with C and C plus plus we can store items of the same type in a given array. So for example, here we are dealing with integers, we can store doubles, we can store strings or custom objects, but we cannot store items of different types. For example, we cannot store integers, strings or custom objects within the same one dimensional array. Okay, So this is extremely crucial in Java. And of course we have been talking about the random access features that because the items are located right next to each other in the main memory, we can get them with the help of indices. Essentially. This is why we can assign unique identifiers to every single item. And if we know the index of the item that we are looking for, then we can get it extremely fast in constant running time complexity. Okay, So for example, if we know that we are looking for -45, that has the index four, then we can get that item extremely fast. Okay. So let's take a look again at how these items are represented in the main memory. These items are located right next to each other in the memory. So if we allocate five items, then these five items will be right next to each other, which means that the memory address of the given array is pointing to the beginning. So to the first item of the one dimensional array, this is going to be the ID or the memory address of the array itself. For example, the hexadecimal representation is zero x 64 and because the items are located right next to each other, if we know that what is the size of a given item for example, if we are dealing with integers, then usually we represent integers on four bytes, four byte is 32 bits. This is why we know the memory address of the next item, which is essentially the memory address of the first item, plus the size of a single item, which is 32 bits. This is why the hexadecimal representation is zero x 84. Then the next item is zero x 84, then the next item is zero x, c four, and so on. So essentially we can come to the conclusion that the memory address of a given item is the memory address of the array itself, which is, by the way, the memory address. So the ID of the first item. Plus we have to multiply the data size with the index and you may guess that this is exactly why indices starts with zero. If we are looking for the memory address of the first item. Then we have the memory address of the array, which is essentially the memory address of the first item plus zero times four bytes, which is zero. So we end up with the memory address of the first item. What if we are looking for the memory address of the last item? Because in this it starts with zero. We have zero one, two, three and four. So the index of the last item is four. So the memory address is equals to the memory address of the first item, plus the index, which is equals to four times the data size. The data size is four bytes or 32 bits. And this is how we can get the memory address. Okay. So this is why it is extremely crucial when dealing with array data structures that the items are located right next to each other. This is why we can identify every single item with an index and this is why we can find a given item extremely fast. By the way, we can deal with two dimensional arrays. In this case, we have two indices, a row index and the column index. Of course, the indices starts with zero again and we can store items of the same type. And of course we have the random access feature, which means that if we know the index of a given item, in this case, we have to know two indices, the row index and the column index. And if we know these values, then we can get that given item extremely fast. Okay, so there are multidimensional arrays as well, but essentially it works exactly the same. By the way, there is a huge problem with arrays. The main problem is that we have to know the number of items we want to store in at once. If you are familiar with C or C plus plus, whenever we allocate memory for a one dimensional array, then we have to know that how many items we are going to store. Of course in Java it is going to be handled automatically. So for example, in C or C plus plus there are static arrays, which means that size of the array doesn't change. Essentially, we have to change it manually. In Java, there are dynamic arrays, which means that the size of the array may change dynamically. By the way, we are going to talk about it later, but I want to show you that what it means exactly. For example, we allocate memory for five items. Then we insert the first item, then the second item, the third item, then another item. And finally we insert the last item. If we want to insert a new item, then essentially we have to resize the one dimensional array. There are several strategies how to do so. We are going to talk about it later. What's crucial that we can double the size of the one dimensional array? This is why it is dynamic, because the size of the array may change dynamically. Okay. And then we can insert the next item and the next item. So as you can see, after we change the size of the array, it is working fine. There are several applications of array data structures such as more complicated data structures rely heavily on arrays because of random indexing. This is exactly what we are going to talk about in the coming chapters when we implement stacks queues and hash tables. And by the way, numerical methods rely extremely heavily on array data structures because most of the operations can be achieved quite efficiently, such as when dealing with matrix related operations or, for example, when dealing with differential equations such as the Runge-kutta method and so on. So arrays are extremely important data structures. In the next lecture we are going to talk about how to insert a new item and how to remove items from an array. Thanks for watching.