In this lecture, we are going to talk about the array related operations. So first of all, let's talk about how to add items to an array data structure so we can insert items to the end of the data structure until the data structure becomes full. This operation has order one constant running time complexity, which is extremely fast. So let's take a look at a concrete example. If we have an empty array data structure and we insert the first item in this case 12, then we insert the next item five to the end of the data structure. Then we insert minus seven to the end of the data structure, then 25 and so on. As you can see, essentially we append these items to the first available position. This operation is extremely fast. It has order one constant running time complexity. You may pose the question that what's going to happen if the data structure becomes full? So what if we insert four more items and we want to insert another one? Then of course we cannot do it because the data structure becomes full. In this case, we have to allocate a larger chunk of memory in the RAM, usually twice the size of the actual array. By the way, in Java the implementation is different. So essentially the original array is not going to be doubled in size. We are going to talk about it later. But what's crucial that of course we have to increase the size of the underlying one dimensional array. Essentially, we have to copy the existing items one by one to the new array. And because we have to consider all the items one by one, this is why this is the bottleneck operation with order and linear running time complexity. So essentially when we are dealing with array data structures, what we want to avoid is to resize the underlying array because then we have to copy all the items one by one with linear running time complexity, which is not that favorable. Okay. And I would like to talk a bit about memory and running time complexity. If we start with a small sized array, then what's going to happen? We do not waste memory, but we have to resize the array quite often with linear running time complexity because we have started with a relatively small size. So essentially we have to keep doubling the underlying array. If we keep inserting more and more items. What if we allocate a huge array at the beginning? In this case we do waste memory because of the large size, but at least we do not have to bother with the resize operation. And this is why we can come to the conclusion that there is a trade off between memory usage and running time complexity. If we want to make an algorithm extremely fast, then we have to use additional memory. This is exactly what's happening with Dijkstra's algorithm because we use additional memory we can achieve linearithmic running time complexity instead of the quadratic running time complexity. So we cannot increase the running time and reduce the memory at the same time. If we want to minimize the amount of memory the application uses, then the running time will be slower. If we want to maximize the running time complexity, then we need more memory. We cannot increase the running time and decrease the memory usage simultaneously. This is the memory and running time tradeoff. Okay, let's talk about the next case when we want to add items to arbitrary positions. So in this case, we do not insert new items to the end of the array data structure, but to arbitrary positions. So let's take a look at a concrete example. For example, we would like to insert value 20 to the index one. What do we have to do? Essentially, we can come to the conclusion that there is already an item inserted to the location with index one, so we have no other option but to shift all the items one by one until we can insert the new item. And of course we can come to the conclusion that in worst case, we have to shift all the items. So this is why this operation has auto and linear running time complexity. Okay, what if we would like to remove the last item of the array? It is quite fast because we have to manipulate the last item. We can do it in order one constant running time complexity. So for example, we would like to remove the last item which is 25 and that's all. Then if we want to remove. The last item, which is minus seven in this case, then we can remove it extremely fast. Okay. What if we would like to remove an arbitrary item? If we want to remove an arbitrary item of the array, then it is not going to be straightforward because first of all, we have to find that given item. Then it may happen that we have to shift multiple items and finally we have to insert the given item accordingly. This is why it has auto and linear running time complexity. Let's take a look at a concrete example. For example, we would like to remove item with value. Five. What do we have to do? First of all, we have to find that given item. Then of course we can remove that given item. But what's crucial that there is an empty slot in the array data structure. So we have to make sure that we shift all the items one step upwards. And essentially this is how we make sure that there are no empty slots in the array data structure. All the items are located right next to each other. This is exactly the main advantage of arrays that the items are located right next to each other in the data structure as well as in the memory. Okay. So we can come to the conclusion that first we have to find the item in linear running time complexity. Then we can remove that given item in constant running time complexity. But it may happen that we have to shift multiple items. In worst case, we have to shift all the items so the final running time is linear order n okay, so we can come to the conclusion that there are several operations we can do with array data structures. If we want to search for a given item based on a given index, then we can do it extremely fast. There are other fast operations, such as, for example, if we want to insert a given item to the end of the array or if we want to remove the last item, these operations are extremely fast. This is why we like array data structures, but there are slow operations. Whether we would like to search for an arbitrary item without an index or we would like to insert item to arbitrary positions, or we would like to remove arbitrary items. These operations have order and linear running time and of course we can do better. We will talk about binary search trees and we will come to the conclusion that we can reduce this linear running time complexity to logarithmic running time complexity. Or we can use hash tables and hash maps and we can achieve order one constant running time complexity for all of the operations. So essentially, if we want to manipulate the last item or we would like to search for items with known indices, then we can use an array data structure because these operations are extremely fast. But if we want to search for an arbitrary item or insert item to arbitrary positions or removing arbitrary items, if we want to execute these operations frequently, then array data structure is not the best one possible. Thanks for watching.