In the previous lectures, we have been talking about the theoretical background of arrays and array lists. And in this lecture we are going to talk about array lists. Because array lists are using one dimensional arrays under the hood. So what do we have to do if we want to instantiate an array list. Then for example storing strings. Then we have the names is equals to a new array list. This is how we can do it. Okay. So list is an interface Java.util.list. And we have the concrete implementation Java.util.arraylist. So list is an interface array. List is the concrete implementation. We can check the documentation at Oracle.com. And we can come to the conclusion that ArrayList implements several interfaces such as serializable, Cloneable, collection, iterable and list interface. The constructor of an ArrayList. When we instantiate the ArrayList. As you can see, we have three options. We can use an empty constructor with the initial capacity ten. What does it mean exactly? It means that we can store up to ten items without resizing the underlying one dimensional array. Then we can use the array list with a collection, which means that it is going to construct a list containing the elements of the specified collection in the order they are returned by the collections iterator, and then we can define the initial capacity that's going to construct an empty list with the specified initial capacity. So what does it mean exactly? It means that if we know that we are going to store, for example, 5 million items, then of course instantiating an array list like this with the initial capacity ten is not a good option at all. You may pose the question why? Of course, because Java has to resize the underlying one dimensional array several times, and this is extremely expensive. So resizing Sizing the array takes order and linear running time complexity. So if we know that we are going to store, for example, 5 million items, then we have to specify 5 million as the initial capacity, because Java is going to create a one dimensional array for 5 million items, which means that there is no need for resizing the one dimensional array. And of course it is absolutely fine. Okay, so the initial capacity is ten. And if we want to store a huge amount of items, then it is advisable to handle the initial capacity when we instantiate the array list. Okay. So that's all about the capacity as far as inserting items into the list data structure, we can use the odd method we can insert for example Kevin okay. Then we can insert for example Adam. Then we can insert for example Anna. So what does it mean exactly after inserting the items into the one dimensional array. Then we can use foreach loop. So we use a string as from the names array list. And we print out system out. So System.out.println. And we print out the string. And this is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that because of the iterable interface. So this is what we have been talking about. That with the help of iterable interface, we can consider the items of the underlying data structure with the help of a foreach loop. And of course the list interface extends the collection interface. The collection interface extends the iterable interface. So this is why we can use a foreach loop. What's extremely crucial that we can use the so-called random indexing in order one constant running time complexity. And this is the main advantage of array lists. So what does it mean exactly that if we know the index of the item. For example, we would like to get the item with index zero. What is it? The first item has index zero. The second item has index one. The third item has index two. So if we get the item with index zero, it means that we are going to get the first item. So if we save and run the application then as you can see we will get Kevin. And of course after that because of the foreach loop, we consider Kevin, Adam and Anna one by one. So what's crucial that this is called random indexing? If we know the index of the item we would like to get, then we can get it in order. One constant running time complexity because of random indexing. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section. What if we would like to insert a given item into a specified index? So for example, insert item into a given index. Of course it takes audio and linear running time complexity. And we are going to discuss why. Okay. So if we insert so names dot insert we have the odd method. We can specify a given index for example zero. And we are going to insert for example Daniel. So what does it mean exactly that if we save and rerun the application I am going to comment it out. So if we rerun the application, as you can see, we have inserted Daniel to the beginning of the data structure. But of course what's going to happen if we have, for example, Kevin with index zero then we have Adam and then we have Anna and Java wants to insert Daniel. Then what's going to happen? We have to shift every single item. So basically Kevin will be here, then Adam will be here. Then we have Anna. And in the first bucket with index zero there's going to be Daniel because we have inserted Daniel with index zero. So this is why it takes, although an linear running time complexity on average, to insert a given item into an arbitrary index, because under the hood Java is going to shift all the items. Okay. If we want to remove a given item, then what's going to happen? For example, we remove with index zero. Of course here we are dealing with worst case scenarios, but the average time scenarios are going to have linear running time complexity as well. So if we remove an item with index zero what's going to happen. Index zero is Daniel, index one is Kevin, index two is Adam. Index three is Anna. If we remove the item with index zero then what's going to happen? We have zero with Daniel, index one with Kevin, index two with Adam and index three with Anna. If we remove Daniel, then unfortunately there cannot be empty cells or so-called holes. So these are the holes in the data structure. So what's going to happen if we remove an item. Then Java is going to shift every single item one step upwards we have caffeine. Then Java is going to shift atom and Java is going to shift Anna. And this is how we can remove an arbitrary item. And as you can see Java is going to consider several items under the hood. So we can come to the conclusion that array lists and arrays. Because under the hood array lists rely heavily on one dimensional arrays. So array lists are fast if we manipulate the last item. Because of course if we insert, for example, to the last item, then of course there is no need for Java to move and shift the given items. It is the same for the remove operation. If we remove the last item from the data structure, then there is no need for Java to shift other items. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section. Okay, so these are the crucial operations. What's crucial that we can use the so-called two array method. So as you can see the two array is going to return an array containing all of the items. So if we use something like this to array then we can get a one dimensional array of object the names. So we have the O for example. And it is going to work just fine. If we want to iterate through this one dimensional array, then we can use something like this object as far as always concerned. And if we save and run it then it is going to work just fine. So this is how we can transform every single data structure into a one dimensional array of objects, with the help of the two array method. And what's crucial that we can use the contains method. The contains will We'll check whether the item is present in the array or not. So we have the so-called contains method System.out.println. As far as names dot contains is concerned. For example, we check whether atom is present in the data structure or not. Of course it is going to return true because atom is present in the one dimensional array. If we are looking for Katie, for example, of course Katie is not present, so this is why it will return false. Of course, under the hood, what's going to happen? Java is going to consider all the items one by one. This is called linear search. So it takes ortho and linear running time complexity to check whether an array list contains a given item or not. Of course, we can do better if we are using, for example, hash maps or red black trees. We are going to talk about those advanced data structures. That's all about array lists. Thanks for watching.