In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about another important data structure, the so called linked list data structure. So what is a linked list? It is another data structure. So the aim is to be able to store items efficiently, such as inserting new items such as searching for a given item or removing a given item. So these are the operations that we want to make as efficient as possible. In the previous lectures we have been talking about array data structure and we came to the conclusion that it has a huge disadvantage that whenever we would like to remove a given item, then it may happen that we have to shift several items. So, for example, if we want to insert a new item with index one and of course there is already an item at that given location, then we have no other option but to shift all the other items in order to insert the new item. So as you can see, it may happen that we have to shift several items. In worst case, we have to shift all the items. Okay. So this is the main disadvantage of arrays that we may have to shift several items. If we are dealing with linked lists, then there is no need to make these shift operations. And if we are dealing with linked lists, then we can eliminate this problem because we are using links between the items. So this is the first value we store in the data structure. As you can see, we have the data we would like to store. It can be an integer, a floating point value, a string, a custom object, whatever we want to store in the given data structure. And as you can see, it has a pointer pointing to the next node in the data structure. This is the hexadecimal representation, a memory address of the next node. Then of course the next node stores a given value and again it has a pointer pointing to the next node. So these are the values in the data structure and pointers are pointing from one item to the other. This is a huge advantage of linked lists because there cannot be holes. If we want to remove a given item, then we can do it without any problem. We just have to notify the previous item to point to the next item in the data structure. So by updating the references and these pointers, we can remove as many items as we want without the need of shifting multiple items. So this is why linked lists can solve the problem of one dimensional arrays. By the way, if we take a closer look at the topology of the linked list, we have access to the first node of the linked list. This is called the head node and other items can be accessed starting with this node. So we cannot access the third node or the second node directly. We have to start with the first node and we have to follow the pointers, essentially the references, and this is how we can access other nodes of the linked list. Okay, so this is the first feature of linked lists. Then of course, as you may see that the last node is pointing to a null value, this is going to be crucial because this is how we can track the last item of the linked list if the next node. So essentially the pointer is pointing to a null value, then we know for certain that this is the last item of the linked list data structure. This is going to be crucial during implementation. And finally, let's take a look at a single item. The single item stores a data such as an integer floating point value, a string, a custom object, and of course it has a reference pointing to the next node in the linked list data structure. So as you can see, every node stores the data itself and a reference to the next node in the linked list data structure. This is why linked lists need more memory than arrays, because if we are dealing with a one dimensional array, essentially we just have to store the items and these items are located right next to each other in the memory. If we are dealing with linked lists, then we have to store the data values. But of course we need the pointers pointing to the next items in the linked list. So this is why linked lists need more memory than arrays. And finally, it has a huge advantage. This is what we have been talking about a few minutes earlier, that there cannot be holes in the data structure, so there is no need for shifting operations. This is a huge advantage of linked lists. Okay, so linked list is an easy data structure and easy to implement. We are going to talk about it in the coming lectures. The items are not stored right next to each other in the memory. So there is no random indexing. This is what we have been talking about for arrays that if the items are located right next to each other in the memory, this is when we can use indices and this is when we can access a given item extremely fast. Because for linked lists, the items are not located right next to each other in the memory. This is why there is no random indexing at all. We can access the first item of the linked list, the so-called head node exclusively. And by the way, we can use linked lists in order to implement more complicated data structures such as stacks and queues. We are going to talk about it later. What's extremely crucial that if we want to find an arbitrary item in a linked list, it still has order and linear running time complexity. And this is why we have to talk about more complicated data structures such as binary search trees or hash maps, because essentially we can reduce this linear running time complexity to logarithmic time complexity or even constant running time complexity. But anyways, linked lists are extremely powerful when we want to manipulate the first item of the data structure. In the next lectures, we are going to talk about the operations of linked lists. Thanks for watching.