In this lecture, we are going to talk about the linked list related operations. So first of all, let's talk about the operation. When we insert a new item to the beginning of the data structure, it is quite easy because essentially we have access to the first node of the data structure. So we just have to update the references in constant running time complexity. So for example, we insert the first item with value five. So let's assume that we are storing integers in our linked list data structure. Every single node we insert will contain the value in this case, integer five and of course it contains a reference to the next node in the linked list because this is the first item. This is why the next node is a null. What if we insert a new node? If we insert a new node, then of course this is going to be the first node in the data structure. So this is why the head node will be update accordingly. As you can see, the new item has value 20 and it is pointing to the previous node with integer value five. So this is why the pointer is pointing to the previous item in the linked list. Then what if we insert another item? This is going to be the new first node, so we have to update the head node accordingly. And because we have access to the first node, so to the head node exclusively, essentially we just have to update the references. So let's take a look at the implementation. Essentially, if we want to insert a given item to the beginning of the linked list, we just have to update the references. As you can see, the new node next node is pointing to the first node or the head node of the data structure, and then we have to set the first node to be the new node. So this is exactly what we have been talking about, that essentially we just have to update the references that can be done in order. One constant running time complexity. Okay, let's take a look at another operation. When we want to insert a new item to the end of the data structure because we have access to the first node exclusively. First we have to get to the last item. So essentially we have to consider every single item of the data structure. This is why it has auto and linear running time complexity. So let's take a look at a given example. Let's insert the first node with value five. Of course it is the first node, so it is pointing to a null. What if we insert another node to the end of the data structure? Then we have to consider the first node and then we have to insert the new node accordingly. In this case, we don't have to update the head node because we insert the items to the end of the list. So as you can see, we just have to update the pointer and the next node is pointing to the next item in the data structure. Then if we want to insert another value, then we have to start with the head node. Of course we have to consider all the nodes until we get to the end of the linked list. And as you can see, we have to update the reference that the previous node is pointing to the last node in the data structure. What if we insert another item? We have no other option but to start with the head node. We keep going until we find the last item that is pointing to a null value and we can insert the new node accordingly. Essentially, we just have to insert the new node and we have to set the previous node next node to be pointing to the last node of the data structure. So let's take a look at the implementation. Essentially, first we have to find the last node of the data structure. As you can see, this is why we have this while loop, while the node is not null. Essentially we keep considering the next node in the data structure and if we get to the last node, then we just have to update the references. And this is exactly why it has auto and linear running time complexity. Because first we have to get to the end of the linked list. So essentially we have to consider all the items in the data structure one by one. And this is why it has linear running time complexity. Okay? So if we want to insert a new node to the beginning of the linked list, it is extremely fast. But if we want to insert a node to the end of the list, it will take order and linear running time complexity, which is not that favorable. What about removing items? So let's consider the situation when we want to remove the first item of the linked list because we have access to the first item exclusively. Essentially, we just have to update the reference. Says again, that can be done in order one constant running time complexity. So let's assume that we have a link list like this and we would like to remove the first item. What do we have to do? We just have to remove that given item and we have to make the next node to be the head node. So essentially this is going to be the first node of the data structure after removing a given item. What if we remove the first item? Again, we remove that item and we reinitialize the head node to be the next node. Okay. So this is how we can remove the first node of the data structure that can be done in order. One constant running time complexity because we just have to update the references. And what if we would like to remove the last item of the linked list or any arbitrary item that is not the first node. This operation has order and linear running time complexity because first we have to find that given item we want to remove and in worst case, we have to consider all the items of the underlying data structure. This is why it has linear running time complexity. Okay, so if we have something like this, then what do we have to do? If we want to remove the last node of the data structure, then first we have to get to the last node itself. Essentially, we have to follow the pointers until we get to the node that is pointing to a null and essentially we just have to remove it. Okay. What if we would like to remove the last node? Again, we have to start with the first node. We have to get to the last node of the data structure and we just have to remove it accordingly. Okay. So this is the crucial difference between removing the first node and removing the last node. So manipulating the first item whether we insert or remove the given item is extremely fast. It can be done in order. One constant running time complexity. If we manipulate an arbitrary item or the last item of the data structure, it has linear running time complexity because first we have to find that given item that we want to remove. And of course this is not the best option possible. For example, we can use binary search trees and we will come to the conclusion that we can achieve logarithmic running time complexity for these operations. Of course, the logarithmic time complexity is way faster than linear running time complexity. So essentially this is the main disadvantage of linked list data structures that if we want to manipulate arbitrary items, then it takes linear running time complexity. So let's take a look at the operations. If we want to find the first item, of course it can be done extremely fast because we have access to the head node itself. If we want to insert item to the beginning or if we want to remove the first item. This is what we have been talking about, that these operations are extremely fast. They have order one constant running time complexity. But what if we are looking for an arbitrary item or we want to insert an item to an arbitrary position? For example, we would like to insert a new item to the end of the linked list, or we would like to remove arbitrary items. These operations have order and linear running time complexity, and this is why we are going to talk about more complicated data structures such as binary search trees, balanced binary search trees or hash tables, because we can come to the conclusion that these operations can be reduced to logarithmic running time complexity or even constant running time complexity. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of linked lists. Thanks for watching.