In the previous lectures, we have been talking about the theoretical background of linked lists, and in this lecture we are going to talk about how to use it in Java. So we can instantiate a linked list. Of course it implements the list interface. So for example we are going to store integers. So we have the list and we can instantiate it as a new linked list. So if we do something like this then of course list is the interface, linked list is the class or the implementation that implements the list interface. So we can do something like this. And of course we can check the documentation at oracle.com. So as you can see linked list is a generic class which means that we can store integers, floating point numbers, strings, custom objects, whatever it implements the serializable interface, the Clonable interface collection iterable, the list interface, the queue interface, the interface. So link list implements a huge number of interfaces. Faces what's extremely crucial that this is a doubly linked list implementation. So what does it mean that if we have the items. So for example we have the value one, then five, then three. Then we have for example ten. Then in this case linked list is a doubly linked list, which means that we store a reference to the first item of the data structure, in this case the integer one, and to the last item of the data structure to the integer ten. So why is it good? Because we can manipulate the first item of the data structure, as well as the last item of the data structure quite fast with order one constant running time complexity. So this is why linked list is an extremely powerful data structure in Java with doubly linked list implementation. So what does it mean exactly? If we have the list, then of course we can insert. So we can add a given value. For example one in this case. So it is going to be the first item of the linked list. Then we have for example ten. Tan. Then we have five and we have three. Because linked list is a list and list is an iterable. Then of course we can use the foreach loop in order to consider all the items. So we have the numbers. So if we have something like this system out and print, we can print out all the items of the data structure one by one, one, ten, five and three. Because it is a doubly linked list, every single item stores a reference to the next item in the linked list and to the previous item of the linked list. So, for example, if we consider the number ten, ten stores a reference to the previous item. So number one and it stores a reference to the next item, integer five. Then integer five stores a reference to the previous item ten and to the next item three. So every single item has two pointers to the next item and to the previous item. And of course, we can manipulate the first item and the last item of the data structure quite fast with order one constant running time complexity. By the way, in this case, because we are dealing with a list interface, we can call the methods defined in the list interface. If we instantiate linked list as a linked list, then we can use the methods related to linked list class. So if we take a look at the documentation, then of course there are several methods we can use. For example the get first and the get lost. These methods are going to return with the first item and with the last item of the data structure accordingly. As you can see, there's the remove first method that removes and returns the first item of the data structure and remove loss that's going to return and removes the last item. So because it is a doubly linked list, it means that we can manipulate the beginning and the end of the linked list quite efficiently. So this is why we have these methods. So as far as the order method is concerned, it keeps adding the items to the end of the linked list. So basically it is the same as if we would use the odd last method. So if we use the odd last method, then it is going to be the same. As you can see, we keep appending new items to the end of the linked list. Of course, we can use the odd first that's going to add the items to the beginning of the linked list, which means that if we save and rerun the application, then of course the last item we insert is going to be the first item of the data structure and so on. So this is how we can manipulate the beginning and the end of the linked list accordingly. Of course we can use the remove first. So if we call the remove first method then of course it is going to remove the first item of the data structure. So what is the first item of the data structure. It is three. So if we save and rerun the application then of course the values three have been removed. If we remove the last item so we call called the remove last method. We save and rerun. Then of course the last item is going to be removed, which is the integer one. So as you can see it is not present in the data structure. So this is how we can manipulate the first and last items with order one constant running time complexity. Of course, we can use several other methods such as. For example, we can print out. So system out and print the size, and the size is equals to the list dot size. If we use something like this, then of course it is going to return with the number of items in the data structure. And of course, after we remove the last item, there's going to be just three items in the data structure. And of course we can check whether it is empty or not. So as far as the Isempty method is concerned, we can check whether the data structure is empty or not. And of course it is not empty because it stores three items, so these are the main methods. In the next lecture we are going to compare array lists and link lists, because usually we use linked lists whenever we manipulate the first item or the last item of the data structure. And we use standard array list when we manipulate the last item of the data structure. So because link list is a doubly linked list implementation, which means that we can manipulate the first and the last items of the data structure quite efficiently. It means that usually we use link lists. So usually we use link list. Of course it needs more memory. But I've been working on large enterprise applications. And the architect has the tendency to use link lists because we can manipulate the first as well as the last item quite efficiently. While on the other hand, with array lists we can manipulate just the last item in an efficient manner. Of course it needs more memory. But anyways, so this is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture. Thanks for watching.