In the previous chapters and in the previous lectures, we have been talking about arrays. We have been talking about linked lists. We have been talking about Java's built in ArrayList class. We have been talking about that linked lists are doubly linked lists under the hood. In this lecture we compare the running time of these data structures. So for example we have an array list and we have a linked list. And we would like to insert half a million items to the beginning of the data structures. So we insert half a million items to the beginning of the array list. So with index zero of course the first item has the index zero. So basically we are going to insert all the items to the beginning of the array list data structure. And of course we measure the time. So we get system.currenttimemillis. And after the operation we print out the system.currenttimemillis now. So basically we measure how much time does it take for Java to insert half a million items into an array list. And then we do the same for the linked list. So we measure the time taken, and we insert half a million items to the beginning of the linked list. And of course, the intuition is that linked lists are going to be faster because when we are manipulating the first item, we just have to update the references. But when we manipulate the first item of an array list, we have to shift all the items that we have already inserted because we would like to insert a new item. So if we run the application like this, then of course linked lists are going to be way faster. So let's wait for array list to finish with the execution. Because linked lists are extremely fast. As you can see, arrays are approximately a thousand times slower. When manipulating the first item than linked list. It takes 11 milliseconds for linked lists and it takes approximately 11,000 milliseconds for array list. But what if we insert the items to the end of the array list? Then of course, it is going to take approximately the same amount of time to finish execution with array lists and with linked lists, because of course, manipulating the last item of an array is quite fast. We just have to append the items, and manipulating the first item of a doubly linked list is also quite fast. So this is why it is absolutely crucial to know the difference between array lists and linked lists. Because if we have an application, then it is absolutely crucial. What are the underlying data structures? Thanks for watching.