In this lecture we are going to talk a bit about the vector class. As you can see it is generic. So we can store integers, doubles, floating point values, custom objects or strings, and we can instantiate it as a new vector. By the way, it is crucial that vector has no real world applications, because if you are not dealing with multiple threads, then array lists are better if we are dealing with multiple threads so we are in a multi-threaded environment, then there are better approaches than the vector implementation. But anyways, what's crucial that under the hood it is a one dimensional array. So we can store scalar values without any problem. So for example I insert and I insert Joe. And we can iterate through string string in the vector. And we can print out the strings one by one. So if I save and run the application, then we get Adam, Anna and Joe. So it is very similar to an ArrayList, because under the hood there is a one dimensional array storing the items. We can take a look at the documentation. And as you can see it is a growable array of objects that implements the serializable Cloneable iterable collection list and random access interfaces. We can use random indexing, which means that when we know the index of the item that we are looking for, we can get it extremely fast with constant running time complexity. What's crucial that it is thread safe. So every single operation, whether we add a new item, whether we add multiple items, whether we check if it contains a given value, or we get a given value based on the index. All of these operations are synchronized, which means that under the hood, the lock must be acquired, and then after the operation, it must be released. This is exactly why it is slower than the ArrayList implementation. Of course, if we are using multiple threads, then vector may be a good solution, but there are several other better thread safe implementations. And what I want to tell you is the capacity increment. That is a crucial feature of the vector implementation. So we have been talking about with Arraylists, we came to the conclusion that whenever the underlying array is full, then Java doubles the size of this underlying one dimensional array. Here we can specify the capacity increment. This is the amount by which the capacity of the vector is automatically incremented when the size becomes greater than its capacity. So what does it mean that we can define the default Forward capacity. And then we can define the increment. So five means that we can store up to five items without resizing the underlying data structure. So we have for example Kevin and we have for example Katy. So if we do something like this then it is working fine. If we insert one more item, then Java has to resize the underlying one dimensional array. So we insert Katy two. In this case, Java increases the size of the underlying array. It is not going to double the size, but it increments it by the capacity increment. So instead of five we will end up with five plus three. That is eight. So the capacity after the resize operation is eight. So essentially we can define the resizing behavior of Java. But of course it is not that powerful feature. So vector is no longer a popular data structure in Java.