Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section, I'm going to focus on few advanced concepts of DevOps, the advanced topics that we are going to discuss inside this section are usually practiced by many organizations in the real production microservices environments. As a developer, you don't have to learn in detail about these advanced concepts, but knowing them on a high level will give you an advantage or edge inside your microservices interviews or in your own day to day microservices work as well. For example, think like you are attending an microservice interview. If there is a question about a particular topic, usually you will try to tell the answer based upon the developer perspective because you are a microservices developer. On top of that, if you also add more details on what usually happened inside the production environment by using various DevOps concepts, then definitely the person, whoever is interviewing you, will definitely impressed by looking at your knowledge, even at that DevOps Advanced Concepts. So one such advanced concept that I want to discuss inside this lecture is Kubernetes Ingress. As of now, we learned how to expose our microservices with the help of Kubernetes Service object. Like you can see here, this is the official documentation of Service object inside Kubernetes. If you can scroll down, you will be able to see how to do the port definitions, how to map an application. So all this information we already discussed. But the new information that I want to show you here is if you can scroll down under the service type, we have ClusterIP, NodePort and LoadBalancer. We discuss about these three service types already inside this course. But apart from these three, we also have one more service type, which is external name. So if you try to click on this external name hyperlink, you will be navigated to that detailed documentation of external name. So under which scenarios we have to use the external name. Whenever you want to map your service to one of the DNS name or domain name that your organization owns, then in such scenarios we are going to use a service type as external name. This will give flexibility to your Kubernetes admins to map your services to a specific domain name that your organization owns. This way, any client application who want to consume your microservices, they can simply forward the request to the domain name that you have given to them and behind the scenes, this external name service type available inside the Kubernetes cluster is going to take care of forwarding the request to the corresponding pod or container inside your Kubernetes cluster. This is one of the new information that I want to share about the service types inside Kubernetes. As a next step, let me click on this ingress option that I have just below the service. Using Ingress also, we can expose all our microservices to the outside of the cluster, but here you may have a question like how load balancer is different from the ingress because you can clearly see Ingress is not available inside the service. Ingress itself is a separate topic or separate concept inside Kubernetes, so there has to be a difference between service type load balancer and ingress. So they are doing the same job, which is exposing the microservices to the outside of the Kubernetes cluster. So I know you may have many, many questions. That's why let's try to focus on more details about Ingress in the next lecture. I hope you are clear about the agenda of this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.