Inside this lecture, let's try to learn more details about what is Kubernetes ingress? Before I try to explain more about Ingress, first, let me clarify you the difference between the LoadBalancer service type and Kubernetes Ingress. So whenever you are using service type as LoadBalancer, you are going to expose a particular microservice to which you are tagging the service type as LoadBalancer to the outside of your Kubernetes cluster. So if you use service type as LoadBalancer for five different microservices, then all of them they are going to have five different public IPS with their own LoadBalancer provided by your cloud provider. That means your service type, which is LoadBalancer, is going to be specific for each microservice, but sometimes we may want to have a single entry point into our Kubernetes cluster, which is going to take care of forwarding all the external requests to the to one of the container or microservice available within the cluster. We already built such component with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. So Spring Cloud Gateway is right now acting as a edge server inside our microservice network. But whatever we have built with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, this is more of a developer approach. The developer has to do a lot of configurations. He has to build a spring boot application by using the spring cloud gateway dependencies and any cross-cutting concerns, the developer has to implement them with his own hands. But some organizations, instead of building their own edge server with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, they are going to rely on the Kubernetes ingress. So with this, it should have been clear for you what is Kubernetes Ingress? So Ingress exposes all the Http and Http routes that are coming from the outside world to the services within the cluster. In other words, it is going to act as an edge server inside your microservices and it is going to be responsible for the traffic routing controlled by the rules defined on the ingress resource. And if needed, Ingress is also capable of load balancing the traffic, terminating SSL and TLS traffic and offer name based virtual hosting. So Ingress has many capabilities using those capabilities, you can also enforce some cross-cutting concerns authentication and authorization with the help of ingress by integrating with the Oauth2 or Oidc products like Keycloak or Okta. So like I said, there are many capabilities of ingress. And here you may have a great question, which is if both Spring Cloud, gateway and Ingress are going to do the similar job, then what is the need for the developer to build an edge server with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway? Why can't we always go with the ingress component available inside the Kubernetes cluster? So to answer your question, I have two points to highlight. The very first one is every organization will have different, different team structures inside an organization. There can be some super talented developers who are capable of building an edge server with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. In such scenarios, people will incline to the approach of Spring Cloud Gateway, whereas in some organization there can be some super, super talented DevOps team members who knows everything about Kubernetes cluster, how to set up a Kubernetes ingress and how to integrate with various products like Keycloak for security and how to enforce some cross-cutting concerns everything with the help of Kubernetes. Ingress. So if you have such talented team who knows everything about Kubernetes Ingress and how to set up that, then in such scenarios, obviously the project leadership, they will incline towards the Kubernetes ingress approach. These two approaches like Spring Cloud Gateway and Kubernetes Ingress, they both does the same job. It's just that at the end of the day, the organization has to take a decision whether you want to put this responsibility of exposing the traffic to the outside world at the developer hand or at the DevOps team members hand. So based upon that, accordingly, people will choose either Spring Cloud Gateway or Kubernetes ingress approach. So that's a very first point that I want to highlight. The second point is sometimes ingress may not be the go to answer for all your problems. The developer want to write some business logic which cannot be achieved by the Kubernetes ingress. So in such scenarios, obviously the option is to go with the spring Cloud Gateway because Spring Cloud Gateway has a lot of flexibility provided where the developer can write the custom business logic with the Java programming language. So it all depends upon the scenario you are into and what kind of organization you are going to work. So I hope you are clear with the difference between ingress and Spring Cloud gateway approach. So now let's try to understand more details about Ingress, so how the DevOps team members are going to deal. Find the routing requirements with the help of ingress. So for the same you can see I have given a sample snippet. Here the very first important information that that I want you to observe is kinds. After the kind element we have mentioned that value as ingress. So with this, it's clearly an indication to the Kubernetes cluster that this specification related to the Kubernetes ingress. Now, you already know what is the purpose of metadata name. Moving on to the specification, there is a element that we need to write, which is rules. Inside these rules we can provide what is the base host name of our organization and that you can provide various path configurations. Like if someone is trying to access so-and-so path, what is the backend service inside the Kubernetes cluster, you want to forward the request. So all those details, the DevOps team members, they can configure using these kind of Kubernetes ingress configurations. I just gave a sample configuration for your reference, but like I said, you don't need to learn or remember all these things because these are all the responsibilities of DevOps team member or a person who is responsible to set up Kubernetes components inside your organization. So with the help of Ingress, we are only going to define the configurations or our own requirements. At the end of the day, there should be a component which is responsible to implement all these ingress requirements that we have defined. For the same, we have a component called IngressController. So by default, ingress resource can't do anything based upon our configurations. We need to have an IngressController installed on configure inside your Kubernetes cluster to make ingress resources functional. So there are many, many popular IngressControllers available inside the market. Few such famous IngressControllers are nginx, ingress traffic and proxy ingress. So the job of these controllers is they should watch for the ingress resources and configure the underlying network components accordingly inside the Kubernetes cluster. So if you want to understand what the full list of ingress controllers available, you can visit this page. Like you can see here, Kubernetes officially published in their documentation that these are all the supported ingress controllers. And here there are more than 30 ingress controllers and organizations they use these controllers based upon their own custom requirements. Here if you search for nginx, there is a nginx Ingress Controller. This is the most commonly used controller because it is an open sourced controller. So this is built and maintained by the Nginx team. So similarly there are many other controllers which we don't need to deep dive into them and understand them because it's a job of Kubernetes admin to set up the ingress controller inside the Kubernetes cluster. As a next step, let me show you a sample representation of how the traffic is going to flow inside Kubernetes cluster. Whenever you are using Kubernetes Ingress. Like you can see here, first we are going to have a Kubernetes cluster inside that, we are going to have Kubernetes pods. Inside the pods, we are going to deploy the containers like accounts, loans and cards. So all of them are not exposed to the outside of the Kubernetes cluster. So all these services are exposed with the help of ClusterIP service. So anyone who wants to access these services, either internally or from external traffic, they need to reach out to the service objects which are forward the request to the corresponding container. So whenever we are trying to deploy our accounts microservice behind the scenes, we are also going to create a service definition with a cluster IP service. So anyone who wants to talk with the accounts microservice containers, they should reach out to the account service. With this setup, only the components within the Kubernetes cluster they can talk with the accounts, loans and cards, microservice. Now let's try to understand how this is going to change when we introduce Kubernetes Ingress. So with the help of a IngressController, you can see the Kubernetes developers. They can define many routing rules inside the using ingress resource configuration. Here you can see I have a sample domain with the name Example.com. And if someone is trying to access this domain with the Path accounts, it is going to be redirected to one of the back end service inside the Kubernetes cluster available at the account service. Once the request is received by the account service, it is going to take care of forwarding the request to one of the ports where the accounts microservice container is deployed. So the same applies for other microservices and other paths like loans and cards. So when we have this Kubernetes ingress controller, any external client, they can forward the request to the Ingress-managed load balancer. And this load balancer can redirect the traffic to the one of the ingress controler. Because there is also a possibility that your organization may set up multiple instances of ingress controller. In such scenarios, there will be a load balancer which is managed by the ingress and the responsibility of that ingress manage load balancer is to redirect the traffic to the one of the ingress controller instance. From there, the traffic will reach to the service from service to parts, from parts to container. So this is how the traffic is going to work whenever we are using Kubernetes ingress. So this is very similar to Spring Cloud gateway approach inside the Spring Cloud Gateway also, it is going to act as an edge server for our Kubernetes cluster. Very similarly here also, the Kubernetes ingress controller is going to act as a entry point or as an edge server for your Kubernetes cluster. I hope you are clear with all the discussions around the Kubernetes ingress, we are going to discuss few more details about Ingress in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.