Inside this lecture, let's try to understand why should we use Ingress? What are the benefits provided by the ingress to any organizations who are using microservices? The very first advantage of ingress is it is going to act as a single entry point into your Kubernetes cluster, which means it is going to act as an edge server using which you can configure a single entry point for multiple microservices you have inside your Kubernetes cluster. And this is going to make our life easy to manage external access to our microservices. The same advantage provided by the Spring Cloud Gateway as well. But like I said before, there is no good or bad approach between Spring Cloud Gateway and Kubernetes ingress approach. It all depends upon the team structure and the team technical skills of an organization. And apart from the single entry point, Kubernetes Ingress is also capable of TLS/SSL termination. We all know inside the web we always communicate with the help of secured protocols like TLS/SSL. That's why inside the browsers you will always see the Https protocol being used. Why do we use this TLS/SSL approach? When our data traveled from client location to the server, we need to make sure that no one is stealing our data. If you send the data using plain text, any hacker can intercept your request and he can steal the data. Whereas when we use Https protocol with the help of TLS, all your data is going to be traveled using an encrypted format. And this encrypted format cannot be decrypted by the hacker because only the servers know how to decrypt it. But these Https are TLS communication comes with the cost of performance. That's why it is not going to be a good idea if you want to follow the same https communication even within your cluster because no hacker can enter into your Kubernetes cluster other than using edge server. That's why there is no meaning of forwarding the same https traffic to the inside of the Kubernetes cluster as well. So that is going to bring some serious performance impacts. That's why many organizations, they don't want to carry that TLS communication into the Kubernetes cluster. So how they are going to achieve by terminating the TLS communication, that means at the ingress layer or at the edge server, they are going to convert that Https protocol to the Http. So once the data is entered into your Kubernetes cluster, the protocol is going to be changed from the Https to the Http. We can achieve this also with the help of Ingress. So this is one of the advantage of ingress. The next advantage is like we discussed, it is going to help you to implement path based routing and at the same time host based routing. We can define path based routing like if someone is trying to access my domain with the path /app1 then the request has to go to one of the service. And similarly app2 has to go to other service. Whereas sometimes organizations may use host based routing. That means they are going to have subdomains like app1.example.com or app2.example.com. So in these kind of scenarios they can define host based routing like someone is trying to access so-and-so subdomain. Then please forward the request to so-and-so service. And apart from routing the request, the ingress is also capable of load balancing the request and distributing the traffic among multiple parts of same service. So how it is going to do with the help of cluster IP service behind the scenes, the ingress is going to forward the request to the cluster IP and the cluster IP service is going to forward the request to one of the pod where the container is deployed. And apart from these advantages, we also have a concept called annotations inside Ingress. Using these annotations, we can configure additional settings such as rewriting rules, custom headers or adding authentication and authorization. So all these kind of additional capabilities can be achieved with the help of annotations. So these are all the advantages of Kubernetes Ingress. But like I said, we don't have to learn everything about Kubernetes Ingress because it is a responsibility of the Kubernetes developer to set up an ingress. I'm just trying to share this information for you so that you are ready for any kind of scenario. Some organizations may say we're going to set up Kubernetes Ingress. You don't need to worry as a developer about the Edge server. So in such scenarios, you should know what is Kubernetes ingress. Otherwise you are going to scratch your head. So to avoid that scenario, I'm trying to share this information. So whatever ingress is capable, our spring cloud gateway is also capable, like it is capable of path based routing, host based routing, single entry Point, load balancing. It is capable of authentication and writing cross-cutting concerns, and it is also capable of TLS/SSL termination. So everything is possible with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway as well. But at the end of the day, we need to go with the option choose to by the project architect or the project leadership. So if they ask us to go with the Spring Cloud Gateway, we need to go with that. Otherwise, if they select the Kubernetes ingress, then we need to go with this approach. I hope this is clear. As a next step, let me highlight you one more time. What is the difference between ingress controller and service type load balancer. Like we discussed before, both of them are capable of exposing your microservices to the outside world. But Ingress offers more advanced routing and traffic management capabilities compared to the load balancer. So if your organization is a very small organization where you have limited set of microservices and you are developing some low critical microservices, then you may go with the load balancer. You don't want a complex setup like ingress controller. Now, as a next step, let me try to introduce few jargons that you may hear whenever you are trying to involve in a microservice discussion. And these jargons are around the types of traffic handled by the ingress controller. So there are few jargons like Ingress traffic, Egress traffic and a North-South traffic. So what is ingress traffic? Any traffic that is entering a Kubernetes cluster, we call it, as a ingress traffic. And similarly, what is Egress traffic? It is opposite of ingress traffic. So any traffic which is exiting a Kubernetes cluster, we call it, as a Egress traffic. In other words, this ingress and egress traffic, we call it as a North-South traffic traffic entering and exiting a Kubernetes cluster. We can also call it as a North-South traffic. So your ingress or ingress controllers are capable of handling these traffics like North-South traffic or Ingress, Egress traffic. So here you may have a question like, okay, my ingress is capable of handling all the traffic that is entering and leaving my cluster. How about the traffic that is going to happen between your microservices inside Kubernetes cluster? So that's where we are going to discuss the next topic, which is service mesh. So let's try to understand more details about service mesh inside the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.