In the previous lecture, we learned that Ingres is capable of handling all the ingress and egress traffic. Or in other words, it is capable of handling all the north south traffic. But how about the traffic that is going to happen within the Kubernetes cluster between multiple microservices? So who is going to handle this service to service traffic. Before that, first, let me try to explain more details about what is service to service traffic. Any traffic that is moving among services within a Kubernetes cluster, we call it, as a service to service traffic. In other words, we call this kind of traffic as east-west traffic. So you will hear a lot of jargons as a microservice developer like north-south traffic, east-west traffic. That's why you need to be familiar with these jargons for that reason only inside this course, I'm trying to give details about these jargons to make your life easy. With that, let's move on to the next question, which is who is going to handle the east-west traffic? The answer is service mesh can handle the east-west traffic efficiently. So here again, we have a new jargon which is service mesh. So let's try to understand what is service mesh. A service mesh is a dedicated infrastructure layer for managing all the communication between your microservices in a containerized applications like Kubernetes cluster. This service mesh is going to provide a lot of capabilities like making east-west traffic secure, reliable and observable. So with the help of service mesh, we can also make our internal traffic between microservices secure. When we are discussing about the spring security, Oauth2 protocol during the same section, I told you that we don't have to secure our internal microservices with the help of spring security. Only the edge server like Spring Cloud Gateway server has to be protected with the help of Oauth2, OpenID and the Spring Security Framework. The reason is all the internal services they are going to have two layers of security. One is they are not going to be exposed to the outside world. Only they can be accessed by the internal applications or by the edge server. That means you are going to build a firewall around all your microservices where no hacker can reach out them directly. That's a very first layer of security. The second layer security is going to be provided by the service mesh. We are going to discuss more details about this in the coming lectures. Apart from securing the east-west traffic service mesh is also capable of monitoring all your traffic, observe them and provide the metrics. So if you ask me here, what are the list of capabilities of service mesh is, I would give this list which is your service mesh is going to provide you a variety of features like service discovery, load balancing, circuit breaking, fault tolerance, metrics and tracing and security. If you see all of them, we implemented with various components like for metrics and tracing, we leverage Prometheus, Grafana and similarly for fault tolerance, secure breaking, we leverage resiliency4j. Service discovery, we follow client side service discovery with the help of Eureka Server and service side Discovery with the help of Kubernetes Discovery Server. The same kind of capabilities is also going to be provided by the service mesh. With that, you may have a very big question which is if service mesh is capable of providing all this, then why should I learn all the concepts that we discussed previously as a developer. The answer is very similar. Not all organizations they are going to use service mesh because maintaining a service mesh and setting up a service mesh need a lot of technical skills from the DevOps team perspective. And apart from that, setting up service mesh requires a lot of budget. So if an organization can afford setting up a service mesh, then they will go with that option. Otherwise they may ask the developers to handle all these like service discovery, load balancing, circuit breaker, fault tolerance, metrics tracing, security. So that's why you need to be ready for any kind of scenarios. If someone is asking you, don't bother about all these non-business logic because we are going to use service mesh you as a developer simply focus on business logic, then it's a very happy scenario for you because you simply going to focus on business logic, but you may end up in some organizations where they don't want to maintain these service mesh because they are super complex for them or they are not affordable to them. Or you might be building some microservices which are of low severity, which may not require the service mesh setup. So for all such scenarios, that's why you should be familiar with all the techniques and components that we discussed throughout this course. So I said service mesh has a lot of capabilities and features, so let me try to explain you on how service mesh is going to provide all these capabilities. You may want to know more details about service mesh, that's why let me try to provide those more details here. So like you can see here, we have a Kubernetes cluster. And inside this Kubernetes cluster, we have three parts. Inside these three parts, we are going to deploy accounts, loans and cards microservice containers. So if you don't have service mesh as a developer, you need to write business logic. You need to write non-functional logic like metrics, tracing, resiliency, security. As of now, we didn't write security inside accounts, loans and cards. But some organizations, they may ask you to write some security logic as well. So if you see here, it is very clear that all the business logic is clubbed in the same container or in the same microservice project, along with the supporting logics like security metrics, tracing resilience. So we added some dependencies related to Prometheus, we added some configurations related to Grafana, we added some annotations or configurations related to resiliency for patterns like circuit breaker, rate limiter, time limiter, retry pattern. So all these kind of non business logics are also available right now inside our microservice container. That means my developer has to worry about the business logic along with the non business logic components. So this approach has some drawbacks, which is each microservice has lots of code and configurations related to other components that we discussed. So in future, if you want to make some changes related to security or tracing or resiliency or metrics, you may have to make some changes in all your microservices projects. So handling such scenarios will become complex. And apart from this, the other disadvantage, like I said is, developers need to manage these changes consistently in all the microservices, which deviates from their main focus of building the business logic. So who are we ? We are humans. We are intelligent fellows. Our job should be identifying the client requirements and implement them by writing some business logic. But if you are forced to implement other non-functional requirements, then definitely your focus will be shifted from the business logic and you need to put some effort on the non business logic as well. So this is where service mesh is going to come into picture. Suppose if your organization is going to use a service mesh, let's try to understand how the picture is going to change. Like you can see, we have three parts and inside these parts, first, we are going to deploy accounts, loans and cards microservice running containers and they are going to have simply business logic only. They are not going to have non business logic related to security, metrics, resiliency. So now you may have question like then where that logic is going to present. So all those non business logic is going to present inside a proxy container, inside the same pod. So this proxy container is going to be generated and injected into the same pod by the service mesh component. So your service mesh is a capable of providing all these non-functional components by providing a sidecar proxy container. So whenever your service mesh is trying to set up a accounts microservice container or cards or loans microservice container along with them, it is also going to create a small container in the same pod, which is going to act as a sidecar proxy container. So with that you may have question like what is this sidecar container? How this is different from my actual container. So for the same first you need to understand what is sidecar pattern. The sidecar pattern is inspired from the sidecar available inside the bikes. Like you can see here, this bike has a sidecar. So inside this sidecar, more people can sit like old people or small children they can sit. So with the help of this sidecar, the main bike is trying to get some help and it is trying to get some more functionality. So from the same analogy, the sidecar pattern is derived. So think like the bike is the main container, like my accounts, loans and cards, which has the actual business logic because the bike is a driving factor here. The bike has the actual engine, which is like a business logic. Without bike there is no sense for the sidecar. Very similarly, without actual container there is no meaning for the sidecar container. I hope this is clear. Now if we can go to the slides here I have mentioned some details about what is a sidecar pattern. In this pattern, the sidecar container is going to be attached to the parent container or parent application. Why we are going to add that sidecar container because it is going to provide some supporting features for the applications like security, metrics, tracing, resiliency or any other kind of support. Since they both needs to work together. The Sidecar also shares the same life cycle as a parent container or the parent application. Which means whenever your main container is being created or destroyed. At the same time, the sidecar container is also going to be created or destroyed. And one more advantage with the sidecar container is it is going to be independent from its primary application In terms of runtime environment and programming language. For example, you might have developed your accounts, loans and cards microservice with the help of Java language. So to run the Java, you may need JDK or JRE whereas inside the sidecar pattern, you don't need to follow the same language. You can use any language or any runtime environments. So that's a one more advantage. I hope you are clear on what is the approach that Service Mesh is taking to make developer life easy. With this approach, the developers, they can simply focus on business logic. The service mesh is going to take care of non business logic. And when I say service mesh some experts about the service mesh they have to set up all these configurations inside your Kubernetes cluster. Then only it is going to work. It's not going to be a super, super simple task. Someone has to have this expertise to set up the service mesh inside the Kubernetes cluster. But we as a developer, we don't have to worry about how to set up service mesh because it is the responsibility of the DevOps team to set up the service mesh. So this is a high level introduction about the service mesh. Inside the next lecture, let's try to understand more technical components of service mesh. So that it is going to be super clear for you on how the service mesh is going to do all this magic. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.