Inside this lecture, let's try to understand the important components of service mesh that are responsible for all the magic of handling non business logic requirements. Like you can see here, usually any kind of service mesh implementation is going to have two important components. The very first component is data plane. This data plane is responsible for routing traffic between microservices. So any time a traffic is coming towards your container, the data plane is going to be responsible to handle that. So how it is going to handle is with the help of proxies. So each microservice instance, like we discussed previously, is going to be accompanied by a lightweight proxy sidecar container. These proxies are going to handle traffic to and from the service by intercepting each request and response coming towards your actual microservice container. In simple words, data plane is a component or a layer where the service mesh is going to deploy all the sidecar containers. So to manage all these sidecar containers, we need to have another component inside the service mesh. So such component is control plane. So this control plane is responsible for configuring, managing and monitoring all the proxies. So whenever a new pod or a new container is trying to get created, my control plane is also going to create a sidecar container in that data plane. This control plane also going to have important components like control-plane API, service discovery and configuration management. So service mesh is a concept or it is like a specification. So to implement service mesh concept inside any microservice deployment, we need to use one of the service mesh implementations. We have many popular service meshes available like Istio, Linkerd, Console, Kong, Aws App Mesh and Azure Service Mesh. In all of them most of the organizations, they prefer to use Istio or Linkerd as of today. But at the end of the day, which service mesh should use depends upon specific organization requirements and the budget that they have. Now we are clear that service mesh is going to have two different components like data plane and control plane. So let me try to explain how these two different components are going to look like inside a Kubernetes cluster. Whenever we use one of the service mesh implementations like Istio. For the same, let me go to the next slide. Here like you can see here, first we have a Kubernetes cluster. Inside the Kubernetes cluster, we have pods inside these parts when we try to deploy our accounts, loans and cards microservice, which only have core business logic. So these are the main containers inside the pod. So whenever we try to create our main containers behind the scenes, the service mesh control plane component like Istio control plane component is going to create the sidecar patterns in all the parts where you have deployed your main container. So you can see each pod right now has a sidecar pattern. In Istio, we call this sidecar patterns with a name envoy proxy. So all these envoy proxies, they are going to be maintained by the Istio control plane. And at the same time, you can also clearly see here all these envoy proxies are deployed inside a component called Istio data plane. So why we call them as data plane, because they are responsible to manage all the traffic coming towards your microservice. Like if someone is trying to access my accounts, microservice container, the traffic will never go to the actual part. The traffic first will go to the sidecar container or envoy proxy post that once envoy proxy executed all the logic around security monitoring metrics collection, it is going to forward the request to the actual container. So the same is going to happen in all the other microservices like loans, cards. So regardless of how many microservices containers you have and parts you have, in all of them the envoy proxy or the sidecar container is going to be deployed by your control plane. The layer where all these envoy proxies are, the sidecar containers are deployed or available. We call that layer or component as Istio data plane. If you are interested to learn more details about service mesh, you can visit one of the service mesh implementations website. For example, we can go to the website. So these are Istio website where they are climbing using we can simplify observability, traffic management, security and policy with the leading service mesh, which is Istio itself. So inside this website, if you try to click on this, learn more after the what is Istio, you'll be able to see what is Istio service mesh is capable of. We just now discussed about this envoy proxy and this Istio control plane. So there are a good amount of details about what is service mesh. You can read them, but like I said, for a developer, it is not required to expertise about a service mesh. Service Mesh itself is a separate technical skill set. That's why we are not trying to learn everything about service mesh. I'm just giving a quick introduction about all the advanced concepts inside microservices environments like ingress, servicemesh, what are sidecar containers? So you should know about all these advanced concept as a microservice developer then only it is going to make your life easy because many times you may pulled into some discussions around these advanced topics and in some interviews people may also ask you, are you using any service mesh inside your production environment? You don't have to tell them like how you are using, how you are setting up. At least you should be awar, what is service mesh, what are its capabilities with this? I'm assuming your super, super clear about service mesh. As a next step, let's try to understand how the service mesh is going to secure all the internal traffic happening between microservices. Like you can see the last point around security. I highlighted that service mesh can secure internal service to service communication in a cluster with a concept called Mutual TLS (mTLS). As a developer, you should know about these concepts Mtls. Because there might be some questions to you inside an interview asking that you are securing your edge server with the help of Oauth2 Spring Security. Then why you are not securing all the internal microservices inside your Kubernetes cluster? The answer is mtls. So let's try to understand more details about this in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.