Inside this lecture, let's try to understand what is mTLS. Mutual LTS or mTLS is a variant of TLS. So what is TLS? Transport Layer Security. So this TLS, which succeeded deprecated security socket layer is right now being used in Https communication. So to understand more about mTLS first we need to understand TLS and how it works. So that's why I'm going to put some efforts explaining you about TLS as well in case if you are not aware about TLS. So what is a TLS? Like I said, we are going to use inside Https protocol. So whenever a client like a browser want to communicate with a backend server, they need to communicate with each other in a secured environment or using a encrypted format. Otherwise anyone who is sitting and listening to the traffic in the network, they can easily see the plain text travelling from your browser to the backend server. Think like you are trying to submit your credit card details in one of the website. If they don't have this https protocol while your credit card details are traveling from browser to the backend in a plain text, anyone can steal your credit card details. That's why, to overcome those kind of challenges, every website will use Https protocol. However, by simply using TLS, we cannot secure our internal microservices present inside the Kubernetes cluster. Because in the TLS scenario, the backend server who owns the domain name, they have to prove their identity with the help of the certificate. As long as my browser identifies it's a valid certificate, the communication is going to work, whereas in a microservice environment we're not going to use any browser for communication. Both the applications are going to communicate with each other using API communication. So in these kind of scenarios, the two microservices has to prove their identity. That's why TLS will not work for securing microservice communication. So to overcome this challenge, mTLS came into picture where both parties are both applications they have to mutually authenticate themselves. Then only the communication between them is going to happen. Most of the scenarios these mTLS is followed in an zero trust environment. So what is a zero trust environment? I might have deployed all my microservices in my own Kubernetes cluster and no one can access my Kubernetes cluster. Only the communication is going to come through the edge server. And with that, I should not assume that all the internal communication does not require any security. We never know one of the third party library that we may use inside our containers or inside our microservices may have a security vulnerability using which that library might be listening all the plane traffic coming towards your microservice container within your Kubernetes cluster. Or there might be some scenario where one of the microservice container is trying to communicate with other microservice container with which it is not supposed to communicate. So how do you overcome all these challenges? To overcome all these challenges, we have to follow that zero trust security framework, which means, though it is an internal traffic inside the Kubernetes cluster, we are not going to trust any user or any device or any traffic. We should always make sure all the components inside the Kubernetes cluster, they are communicating with each other only after proving their identity. So that's where mTLS will come into picture. But before we try to understand how mTLS works, first we need to understand what is TLS and how it is going to work. Like I said before, TLS is a encryption protocol which is being used widely on the internet. You may hear SSL also in the place of TLS. So SSL, which is a secure socket layer, is deprecated because due to the advancements happened in the web, SSL is no more secure. That's why we have a next advanced version of SSL, which is TLS, but you may still find people referring TLS and SSL interchangeably. So regardless if someone is saying SSL or TLS, they are referring to TLS, which is the latest version, which is right now being used in the industry. So to understand how this is going to secure the traffic between a browser and a backend server, let's take a scenario. Suppose think like a browser is trying to establish a connection with a backend server where the amazon.com is deployed. So whenever inside a browser we are trying to access a website like amazon.com, my browser is going to ask the backend server Prove me your identity. Are you the real backend server where the amazon.com code is deployed. So to prove the identity, my backend server is going to give some certificate details to the browser, but here browser will not blindly believe all kind of certificates provided by any backend server. So any certificate that is shared to the browser by the backend server, my browser is going to validate that with the certificate authorities. So there are certificate authorities in the industry who are going to issue the certificates to the organizations after verifying their domain ownership. So if I go and ask the certificate authority to give a certificate with the domain name amazon.com, they simply will not give it. They will ask me to prove my domain ownership. Once I proved my domain ownership, they are going to issue a TLS certificate and the same TLS certificate I can provide to the browser and the browser is going to validate the same with the certificate authorities. If all looks good, then only browser will start communicating with the backend server. So if you try to visualize the same first, there will be a web server where I have deployed my amazon.com backend code. So inside this web server only we have write all the logic to store all the information inside a database. So whenever we are trying to deploy our backend code inside a web server as an organization, it's my responsibility to get a valid certificate from the certificate authority by proving my domain ownership. So the certificate authority is going to issue a certificate to me the same I need to configure inside the backend web server. So as a next step, whenever my web browser is trying to communicate with the web server, first it will ask the web server to prove its identity. So think like my web server gave a certificate to the browser post that the browser is going to validate the same with the certificate authority. Once the certificate authority confirms that that this is a valid certificate, then only the communication between the web browser and web server is going to happen in an encrypted format. So let me try to show you more information around this by going to the amazon.com. Here I came to the amazon.com website and as soon as you try to access any website inside the browser, the browser behind the scenes will make sure that it validated the certificate of this website and the backend server. When this validation is completed by the browser, it is going to show you this lock symbol. If you can click on that, you will be able to see some information like connection is secure. If the connection is not secured, the browser is going to show you a warning to the end user. Since the connection is not secure, please don't enter any sensitive information. So that's how it is going to give a warning to the end user, whoever is trying to access a website. So if you try to click on this connection is secure, you will get more details where there is information available around certificate. So here you can see there is a message saying that certificate is valid. So let me click on that. So here you can see these are the certificate details issued to the amazon.com. So the same certificate details verified by my browser. So once this verification happened by the browser, then only the communication between the browser and the backend is going to start in an encrypted format. But to achieve that, encryption communication between the web browser and the web server behind the scenes, lot of steps will happen. So let's try to understand what are those steps. Like you can see here, first I have my browser and a web server of Amazon or any other website. In the very first step, the browser and the web server is going to have an TCP handshake. So inside this TCP handshake they are going to establish connection between the client and server. Once the connection is established and they both confirm there are no network problems, my browser is going to send a hello message to the backend server. So with this hello message my browser is trying to ask Prove your identity. As a next step, my web server has to prove its identity. So how it is going to prove its identity. Let's try to understand in details here. Whenever a organization like amazon, they receive a certificate from the Certificate Authority, the certificate is going to have two types of keys public key and private key. So to prove its identity, my backend server is going to share the public key to the browser. So there is a purpose of private key and public key. So using public key, anyone can send the encrypted data to backend server, but only my backend server which has a private key corresponding to the public key, can only decrypt the data. Since here the browser is using public key and the backend server is going to use private key for the encryption and decryption, we call this kind of encryption as asymmetric encryption. Because they are using two different components for encryption and decryption. So now think like my browser received a public key and with that it can send any data to the backend server in an encrypted format, and my backend server only can decrypt it with the help of private key. But the story is not going to end here because both my browser and web server, they are not going to use this asymmetric encryption for the actual communication. The reason is with these asymmetric encryption, only my browser can send the encrypted data to the backend server. What if my backend server want to send a response to to the browser in an encrypted format? So in such scenarios there is no private key for the browser to decrypt the response. That's one problem. And the second problem is when we use these asymmetric encryption for the actual communication between the browser and web server, it is going to create some performance problems because asymmetric encryption comes with some performance cost. That's why to establish a symmetric communication between the browser and web server, what my web browser is going to do is, with the help of public key it has received, it is going to generate a session key, and this session key is going to encrypt with the help of Public Key. It has received the same encrypted session key is going to be sent to the web server. Even if someone in the network is trying to steal my encrypted session key, it is not going to make any sense for them because they don't have private key. Now think like my backend web server receives the encrypted session key. So as a next step it is going to decrypt the encrypted session key into the actual plaintext value, which is session key with the help of private key. Post that once this decryption is completed on the web server side, it is going to acknowledge the same to the browser. So now both my browser and web server, they have a session key which they are going to use as a secret to encryption and decryption. So this is where the actual data communication between them is going to happen in an encrypted format. So from the sixth step, the browser is going to send a data to the backend server and the backend server also can send the response to the browser. So think like if my browser wants to send some credit card details information, so it is not going to send in a plain text format. Instead it is going to encrypt that with the help of session key, which is only known to the browser and the web server. Even if someone in between steal that encrypted data, they cannot decrypt it because they don't have the original secret at the session key that my browser is used to encrypt the data. But my web server can decrypt it and see the plain text value because it has the actual session key. So similarly, whenever my web server wants to send a response to the browser, the same will happen. You can see here in the step six, they both are going to use a same value, which is session key for the encryption and decryption. That's why we call this kind of encryption as symmetric encryption. And the symmetric encryption has some advantages compared to asymmetric encryption, which is it can perform better compared to asymmetric encryption. On top of that, now my browser also is capable of decrypting the data that it is receiving from the web server. So these are all the steps that will happen behind the scenes. Did you see how complex it is? That's why our lives are super easy whenever we are trying to send some sensitive information in any website. If you see here in this approach, always the browser which is a client, is asking the backend server, which is the server to prove its identity, but never ever my backend server is going to ask the browser to prove its identity because there can be millions or billions of browsers in millions of computers used by millions of customers. We cannot issue separate, separate certificates for all users. That's why every backend server will ask the user to prove its identity by providing his username password. Then only it is going to show some sensitive information to the end user. But this approach may not work if two applications are going to interact with each other. That's why we are going to use mTLS approach in the microservice service to service communication. So I hope you are clear with the TLS as a next step, let's try to understand how mTLS is going to work with the help of service mesh. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.