Now, inside this lecture, let's try to understand how mTLS is different from TLS. The answer is very simple. Whatever steps that we discussed previously as part of TLS, if these steps are followed by the both parties in the communication, then that is called mTLS, which means both applications, they are going to prove their identity by sharing their certificate details or key details to the other application. So previously in the TLS only the backend server is proving its identity to the browser. But with mTLS both parties are the both applications has to prove their identity. And with this it should also clear to you that mTLS we should never use using a normal browser scenario. So whenever you are using browser, that means you are on the outside web world. And in such scenarios the TLS we should use, whereas mTLS should be used only for the internal traffic within your Kubernetes cluster or within your organizations where multiple microservices are multiple devices or multiple applications are trying to communicate with each other. That's what I have highlighted here in the next step as well. Only we should use mTLS in the zero trust security strategies like microservices within a cluster. But whenever we want to use mTLS, there is going to be a problem, if you are going with the same TLS approach. Inside the TLS who is going to issue the certificate, a third party certificate authority is going to issue the certificate and that certificate is going to have one year validity. And they are also going to charge money for issuing a certificate after verifying the domain details. But inside the mTLS approach, we cannot really ask the third party every time to issue a certificate.Because there are multiple challenges. One is your microservice pods or containers, you can kill them and recreate them whenever you want. So whenever you are trying to create a new microservice or a new container, you cannot really go to the car and ask for a new certificate because that involves money and at the same time you will ended up maintaining multiple certificates that are issued by the third party certificate Authority. But we don't need to use third party certificate authority to issue the certificates. Instead, the organization itself is going to act as a certificate authority because mTLS anyway is going to be implemented within the organization traffic or within the Kubernetes cluster. So when I say organization itself is going to act as a certificate authority, here I'm referring to the service mesh component like Istio. So they are going to act as a certificate authority and they are going to issue the certificates for all the new microservices that they are trying to create. So to make it more clear for you, let me try to explain these mTLS by taking a service to service communication inside a Kubernetes cluster. First, let's assume there is no service mesh involved. There is no mTLS involved. In such scenarios, the communication between two microservices like accounts and loans is going to be using plain Http. And with this there is a serious drawback, which is if you have a rogue microservice or a rogue third party library inside your cluster, it may intercept these traffic. That's why we should make sure the communication between accounts and loans is encrypted. On top of the encryption, my accounts microservice should also verify the legitimacy or authenticity of the other microservice, which is loans. It should not always assume like the other microservice is loans microservice. It should make sure the microservice it is trying to talk is always loans microservice, but not any other microservice. So with the help of mTLS, we can also configure which microservice needs to talk with which microservice. This way we can control any microservice to not have any communication with other microservice which is not supposed to have. Now let's try to understand how mTLS is going to make the communication between two microservices inside the same Kubernetes cluster as a secure communication. Like you can see here, whenever we are using service mesh along with the actual container, there will be a sidecar container deployed inside the pod. So when my accounts microservice want to communicate with the loans microservice, it simply forwards the request to the loans microservice. But my sidecar proxy is going to intercept that traffic. Like you can see here, my accounts initiate the request using plain Http only, but my sidecar proxy, which is going to sit between the loans and accounts, is going to accept that Http traffic. And by accepting that http request first my sidecar proxy of accounts microservice is going to send a hello message to the sidecar proxy of loans microservice. So here inside the step two, the two sidecar proxies in the two parts who are trying to communicate with each other, they are going to perform a TLS handshake. So as part of this TLS handshake, the sidecar proxy of accounts microservice is going to ask sidecar proxy of loans microservice to prove its identity. So to prove its identity, my sidecar proxy of loans microservice is going to respond with a certificate details. Once this certificate is received by the accounts microservice sidecar proxy, it is going to validate the same with the certificate authority. So inside the Kubernetes cluster, who is going to be the certificate authority? It is the service mesh control plane because while creating the sidecar proxy containers, it will create a certificate and assign the same to the respective microservice. Once the service mesh control plane confirms that a particular certificate is valid, then my sidecar proxy of accounts microservice is going to forward the the initial request that it has intercepted from the accounts microservice to the loans microservice side proxy. So while it is forwarding this request, it is going to send the communication using encrypted data format. Once this encrypted data received by the sidecar proxy of loans microservice, it is going to decrypt the data and forward the same to the actual loans container. So here you can see in the entire process nowhere my accounts and loans they are aware about all this is happening behind the scenes. They simply always assume that they are communicating with each other using Http protocol. But the sidecar proxies are following all the steps that we have discussed. So in this scenario, my accounts microservice trying to start a communication with the loans microservice That's why it asks the loans microservice to prove its identity. But think like in some other scenario the loans microservice is going to act as a client by sending the request to the accounts microservice. In such scenarios, definitely my loans microservice is going to ask the accounts microservice to prove its identity. Since this is going to happen at the both sides. We call this as mTLS, which is mutual TLS. I know this is a very complex to understand, but I'm assuming you are clear with all the detailed discussion that we have done so far. So your service mesh is capable of establishing these mTLS inside your microservices deployed within a Kubernetes cluster. The service mesh is capable of issuing certificates if needed you can also configure how soon the certificates can expire and how soon the certificates has to be renewed. So all such configurations we can do with the help of service mesh. But we as a developer don't have to know how to implement these mTLS inside the microservice communication with the help of service mesh. We should only be aware about this concept. I hope this is clear before we try to close this lecture, let's try to quickly understand why we should use mTLS, what are the advantages that it provides whenever we implement these inside a microservice network. The very first advantage is you're going to have mutual authentication. That means both the client and server, they are going to make sure they both verify themselves. And when they follow mutual authentication, then definitely the next advantage that we have is protection against impersonation, which means no other microservice or no other component inside your Kubernetes cluster. They cannot steal your data by acting themselves as a lone microservice or any other microservice with whom you are trying to communicate. Because they should have their valid digital certificate to prove themselves inside the microservice network. And the next advantage that we have here is granular access control. With the help of mTLS, we can enforce fine grained access control, allowing organizations to specify which microservices are permitted to communicate with which microservices. Moving on to the next advantage. With the help of mTLS, we are going to have resistance to credential compromise. We all know the basic approach of establishing communication between two applications is by using some service accounts, just like how we humans have username and password, we can give some service account details to each application. But for some reason, if those credentials are compromised, still mTLS is going to act as a second layer because without digital certificate the communication will never establish. And with that we can easily avoid credential theft or brute force attacks. The next advantage that we have with the mTLS is, simplified key management. Because inside mTLS the trusted certified authority is going to be your service mesh only. So issuing a new certificate or renewing an existing certificate is going to be super easy and does not involve any money. Because you're not using any third party certificate authority. And using these mTLS, we can also issue certificates to any number of microservices. That means there won't be any scalability issues regardless of how many microservices you have. You can issue the new certificates if needed, you can rotate the existing certificates. So especially these mTLS is going to simplify the operations inside large scale deployments. And whenever an organization uses mTLS, it is going to be compliant with the many compliances like GDPR, HIPAA, DSS. So these are all the industry standards that every organization has to follow to make sure that they are securing the sensitive data and providing privacy between the applications communication. And at last, when we use mTLS, we are going to follow zero trust security framework. That means without a proper digital certificate, you're not going to establish a communication with other components, even if they are present inside your own organization network. I'm assuming your super, super clear about mTLS and you have some valuable information. So as an advanced microservice developer, you should aware about all these advanced topics. Having a theory knowledge about them is good enough. You don't have to be expert because someone who has years of experience around setting up service mesh, they can only perform this job. I hope this is all clear to you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.