Now that you've got a solid foundation and a solid understanding of how to build Components, how to work with Components and so on, it's time to also take a look at styling Components and styling React apps in general. Now, of course, this is not a CSS course, and therefore this course and also this section here is not about teaching you CSS. I got a dedicated course about that if you wanna learn more about CSS. But, of course, as a React developer, you should know how you can generally apply CSS to your React Components, because as you will learn in this course section, there exist different options with different advantages and disadvantages when it comes to styling React absent Components. And therefore, in this section we'll take a look at styling React apps with Vanilla CSS, so with just CSS, without any special extra packages or features. But we're thereafter going to take a look at a couple of more advanced techniques and extra packages you can use for styling your Components. For example, you will learn how to scope your styles to certain Components with CSS modules, and you'll see what scoping means in this section as well. You will also learn about a popular CSS in JavaScript styling package called Styled Components, and you'll learn how that works and what the advantages of this approach are. And, of course, also about the disadvantages, as for all those approaches, and I'll introduce you to Tailwind CSS and to styling your React apps with Tailwind CSS, since this is also a super popular choice when it comes to styling React applications. And, of course, for all these different approaches, I will show you how to apply both static styles that never change and dynamic or conditional styles that should only be applied when certain circumstances are met. Now as basically for all the sections in this course, this course comes with a starting project, which you find attached, both a local version and a link to CodeSandbox if you wanna follow along there. As always, if you're using the local version, download and extract it, then run npm install once to install all dependencies, and then npm run dev thereafter to start the development server. This will not be required if you're using the CodeSandbox solution. And then you'll have a starting project that in the end renders this webpage here. Now, please note that this webpage here won't work, clicking Create a new account doesn't do anything. And if you do enter valid credentials up here, and you click Sign in, also nothing happens. But, for example, if you enter invalid credentials, and you try to sign in with those, you'll see that these invalid input fields get highlighted, that they get a red background color and a red border, so that we got some styles here that are applied conditionally. And, of course, in general, you can, of course, tell that this webpage already got some styles applied to it, even though it's just the starting project. But at the moment, this page is simply using Vanilla CSS, it's using one CSS file that then applies styles to the entire page, and that's what we'll get started with in the next lecture.