So as mentioned before, when it comes to styling React apps, you got many options. And one option definitely is to simply add a CSS file to your project like this index CSS file. Define all your CSS rules in there, using element selectors, using ID selectors, using class selectors. So any CSS rules you can define, define them in here, then import this CSS file. And as you learned earlier in this course already, in a typical React project, for example, in this project here, which uses Vite as an underlying development and build tool, you can import CSS files into JavaScript files like this. And the build tool, so Vite in this case here, will identify such imports and in the end simply make sure that the CSS file you are trying to import here gets injected into this webpage, which is served here. Therefore, if you open the developer tools on your website you will see that in the head section this style here was dynamically injected by Vite. So in here you find all the styles that are defined in index CSS, and this was added dynamically to the DOM here by Vite. So that's how that works and therefore you can include vanilla CSS files like this and you can of course include as many vanilla CSS files as you want. You don't have to go with a single CSS file. Instead you can add as many as you want and you could, for example, therefore also split this file into multiple files where you attach the individual files to the Components to which they belong. For example, here we could say that the header specific styles, so all these rules here in the end, should go into a separate header CSS file, which maybe is co-located next to this header JSX file. So we could add a header CSS file here and then just grab these header related styles, cut them from index CSS, and add them here in header CSS. And then with that in header JSX, we can of course also add such a import, which imports from header.CSS. And with those changes applied, if you save that and you reload, you'll see that the page still looks the same as it did before because of course now this import here is also resolved by Vite js, and the styles defined in the header CSS file are therefore also injected into this webpage. As you can still see if you open the developer tools, there in the head section we now got two injected style tags here, one which includes the header styles and then the other one which includes all the other styles from the index CSS file.