Now, as mentioned in the previous lecture, one disadvantage of using Vanilla CSS, is that the CSS rules and your CSS code in general, is not scoped to the component to which you maybe want it to belong, and let me simply show you an example here. In that Header.css file, we got a couple of rules that should affect the styling of our header here. For example, also this rule here, which styles the paragraph that's shown in the header. Now since we're importing this Header.css file in the Header.jsx file, you could think that the rules defined in here only apply to the JSX code defined in this header component because it's that component file where we are importing the CSS file. But that's not the case. As I can show you, by removing this header part in front of the paragraph rule, so that now I'm just targeting any paragraph no matter if it's in a header or not. And if I then temporarily go to my Authinputs.jsx file here, and there maybe above my buttons here, I add a paragraph where I say, Some text, just as a demo. If I do that and I saved it, you'll see that this paragraph here, receives exactly the same styling as this paragraph. And, of course, I can easily prove that by temporarily changing the color from this gray color, which I want to have, to some red color in the Header.css file. If I do that, you will see that now this, and, of course, also this paragraph, both paragraphs are red. So this bottom paragraph here gets targeted by this rule, even though that bottom paragraph is defined in a different component in a different file. And therefore, it's really important to understand that even if you do split your CSS code in multiple files, and you then do import some of these files into certain component files, the CSS rules in those files will not be scoped to the components to which they belong, because they don't really belong to these components. Instead, if you open the developer tools again, keep in mind that all these styles are in the end just injected into the head section here by Vite, so the header styles and the other styles. And therefore, of course, they are applied globally to this page. And that's not necessarily a problem, but it is something to keep in mind. When using this Vanilla CSS approach, your styles are not scoped, and therefore here I'll revert this change here, and set the color back to the color I wanted to have. And I'll get rid of this paragraph in AuthInputs which I don't really need, but you should keep in mind that this rule, like all these rules, and all the rules in the index.css file, will not be scoped to any component.