So we got this at least potential disadvantage that CSS code is not scoped to components when using vanilla CSS. So what can we do about that if we wanna achieve some scoping? Well, one solution would be to switch to inline styles. So to apply these paragraph styles inline to the paragraph to which they should apply, for example. And inline styles simply means that instead of defining CSS styles in a CSS file, you apply them right in your JSX code. And you can do that in React by setting the style prop on JSX elements, just as you can set the style attribute in vanilla HTML. The style prop does not take a string which then contains color red, for example, though, even though that is how you would use this attribute in just HTML. But if you would try to use that here in JSX, in your React app, you'll see that you get an error that the style prop expects a mapping of style properties to values, not a string. So this is not how you should use the style prop in JSX in React apps. Instead the style prop takes a dynamic value, hence we need the opening and closing curly braces, and then you pass an object as a value to the style prop. And that's important to understand here. This here is not some special double curly brace syntax you have to use for styling, instead this is the regular dynamic value syntax where you then just pass an object as a value instead of a number, or a boolean, for example. And it's now in this object where you set up the styles that should be applied to this paragraph as key-value pairs. So that for example, if you would want to give this paragraph a red color, you would add color as a key, and then a colon, since we are in a JavaScript object, and then the value as a string here, so red in this case. And with that, this would be applied as a inline style right here in the JSX code. And if we save this, you indeed see that now the paragraph is red again. And of course, this does not just work for colors, but you can set any CSS styles like this. For example, also the text alignment. For that you just have to keep in mind that text-align would be an invalid property name in JavaScript, and therefore you either have to wrap this with single quotes, or more common and recommended, you have to switch to the camel case notation where you omit the dash, and you start the next word in the word with an uppercase character. And then you can set this to left, for example. And with that here, it's actually still centered because it turns out that this styling here is actually not required, though you can see that it is applied at least, you also see that down here. In this app it just doesn't have an effect here for this paragraph because the header uses Flexbox, and automatically centers all its children. If you disable that, though, you see indeed that it is on the left now. But here I'll just reload and go back to the old styles, but this is how you could apply inline styling, and one advantage of this inline styling approach is of course that these styles here really only affect the JSX element on which you add them. And therefore using inline styles also has some advantages and disadvantages. And one advantage is that it's pretty easy to add them, as you saw, and that the styles you do add as inline styles only affect the element to which you add them, and no other element. Of course, this also has a disadvantage, though, because besides, of course, also having to know CSS when using inline styles, another disadvantage is that you have to style and target every element individually. If you use style files here, you can target all paragraphs with one rule, and you don't have to add this here to every paragraph on its own, which is the case with inline styles. If we had multiple paragraphs that should all have this style here, you would have to copy and paste this style prop with its object here to all the paragraphs that should get this style. And if you then wanna change the styling, you again have to do that for all paragraphs. So that's definitely a disadvantage here. And another potential disadvantage of using inline styles is that you got no separation between CSS and JSX code. Instead, all your CSS code lives in your JSX code, which means the person who writes the JSX code probably also needs to be the person who adds the styling, or you and your designer constantly need to switch working on that file since you both need to work on the JSX code. You for the structure and the logic, and your colleague for adding the styles, and that of course can be annoying. But inline styles also have one more advantage I wanna mention, which we'll take a closer look at in the next lecture. Because with inline styles, adding and setting styles dynamically, conditionally to be precise, is pretty simple as you will see.