So let's stick to inline styling for now, though I will remove the inline styles from this paragraph because I don't really need them here anymore. But let's now switch to AuthInputs and there let's say we wanna conditionally style those inputs if they are invalid. And I am actually already doing this here by conditionally adding a class name. And I'll get back to this in just a second. For the moment, let's comment out this line of code here on both inputs and let's instead try to achieve this by adding inline styles. Now first, let's take a look at the index.css file and there at these invalid classes here, which are responsible for applying some invalid styles. And let's now try to set this background color. So this reddish color here with inline styles on this input here if it happens to be invalid. For that, of course, we can set background color. And now setting a value conditionally, so dynamically in the end, is pretty simple. We just have to check what our condition is and in this case, it's this emailNotValid constant, which contains true or false depending on the result of this code here. So depending on this condition here in the end. And we can therefore then just use emailNotValid here in a turnary expression to set the background color that should be applied if this is true. So if the email address is not valid here, and to define the color that should be applied if this is not true. So if the email is valid. So here, if email is not valid, I wanna apply this reddish color, otherwise I wanna apply my default background color, which is this background color here, this light grayish color. And that's therefore, the value we wanna use here in the else part of the turnary expression. And that's all. If we now save that, you'll see that if I click sign in here, this input here gets highlighted with a light red color thanks to my conditional styling. And this, of course, becomes even clearer if I use just red as a temporary value here, because now it's really red. So let's switch back to the other approach. And that's therefore how you can add dynamic and conditional styles when using inline styling. And we could, of course, also do that on the password input here, but I'm not going to do it here because the disadvantage with inline styling still is that you often end up with a lot of duplication and that all your CSS code goes into the JSX code, which also isn't ideal. And therefore, as a next step, let's take a look at this class name here and let's see how we can conditionally style elements when using vanilla CSS.