So using just CSS is definitely not a bad option. As you saw, it's pretty easy to separate code and to apply styles conditionally but we have this one potentially big disadvantage, that CSS code and CSS rules are not scoped to components, that you can accidentally write CSS code that affects more components that it should affect. And we can see this in our application here when we take a look at these labels, they are now centered and initially they weren't. But they are centered because these labels are inside of a paragraph, just as the input here. And therefore due to this rule in Header CSS, which I changed earlier in this section, where for all paragraphs I align my text in the center, I also got these centered labels, which is not the look I wanna have here. Now of course, the fix here is to bring back that header in front of the paragraph so that now I only target paragraphs that are inside of a header. But this of course also implies that I as a developer am forced to carefully think about my rules and my selectors here, which might be a good thing, but which also means some extra work. It would be nicer if this would instead be scoped. So if it couldn't affect any other component than the component that is defined in the file where I'm importing this. And that's exactly the behavior you can achieve with CSS Modules, which allows you to write Vanilla CSS code and rules that are then scoped. Now, CSS Modules is an approach, a solution you could say, that in the end needs to be implemented and enforced by the build process that's used in your React project. It's not a default browser or JavaScript feature. Instead, CSS Modules is an approach where the build tool will transform your CSS class names and only those two class names that are guaranteed to be unique per file. And to show you what I mean, let's switch from the P element selector here in Header CSS to the let's say paragraph class selector with this dot here in front of it. Now of course we can add that here with class name paragraph, and as a result, you will see that this still gets the same style as before. These labels now no longer get those styles because those don't have that class. But if I would add this class here to this paragraph that contains my label with class name paragraph, then you would see that with this added here, this is again centered because just by using a CSS class as a selector, these styles do not get scoped. But they will now get scoped if you now rename the header CSS file to header.module.CSS. This .module naming pattern here is basically a signal for the underlying build process. So for this Vite build tool, which is getting used in this project here to process this file here slightly differently because now we also have to import it differently, not just because we must change this name of course But also because now we must import something from this header.module file and that something will be a JavaScript object that will be generated by that underlying build process, which you could name classes or styles, whatever you want But classes is a fitting name because this object will contain your class names transformed to unique class names. For example, here for this paragraph class. Now with this import added, we can go to this paragraph and instead of adding paragraph as a text value for class name, we should now add a dynamic value and use this class's object that we are importing up here to access .paragraph here, .paragraph because I have a class named paragraph in there. If this would be named para, we would have to access .para here, but I chose paragraph as a name, so I'll use that in both files. With that, if you save that, you'll see the same result as before. But if you inspect this paragraph In the header now. you'll see something interesting there. If you take a look at the class that's actually applied In the rendered DOM, you see that it has this weird name here, which is definitely not the name we chose. It includes paragraph, but it also then includes more characters and words. And this strange class name here was in the end generated by the built build tool automatically. And if you take a look at the head section here, you'll see that in the injected style here, we got all the other element selectors we got before as well. But this paragraph class here was transformed. The name of it was transformed. It is that weird name we saw being applied to that paragraph a couple of seconds ago. And that's the idea behind CSS modules. This class name is now unique for this component file and therefore for this component, if I add paragraph as a text here in another file, in another component, you'll see that this label is not affected by it. Indeed, if I inspect this control here and this paragraph, it does have this paragraph class of course but this has no effect because this original paragraph class name I defined in the header.module CSS file get transformed by that build process, and therefore this build process in the end ensures that my class styles are scoped to the component file in which I'm importing them. And that's how you can achieve CSS rule scoping with almost Vanilla CSS. And of course, you could now also apply a class like this conditionally if you wanted to. If you had some condition here, and that's of course now just a dummy example, you could apply either this class or no class, depending on whether this condition here is met or not. So you can still apply this conditionally as you learned it before, and you can also inject it into strings with those here with this syntax here because of course in the end, the value stored under this paragraph property will be a string. It will be that unique class name that was generated by the build tool. So that all works. As you see, if I reload here, and therefore it works almost like Vanilla CSS but you got that extra scoping. Hence for CSS modules, the advantage of course still is that your CSS code is decoupled from your JSX code, that you write CSS code as you know and maybe love it, that it can be written by another person. So just as we had it for Vanilla CSS, but we now also got the additional advantage that CSS classes, so rules that are using CSS classes are scoped to the component file which imports the CSS file with those rules. Of course, we also still have some disadvantages though because you still need to know CSS because we're still writing Vanilla CSS in the end. And a new disadvantage when using CSS Modules is that you may end up with many relatively small CSS files in your project when using CSS Modules because as you can already see here, we got this header module CSS file, which contains some CSS code and we could now also add one for auth inputs. And if we had a bigger project with more components and every component has its own CSS file, you would end up with many CSS files where at least some of those CSS files likely won't contain too much CSS code. And that of course could be seen as a disadvantage.