So let's now make sure that the label and the input look good again. And for that, since I'm now using styled components, though as you can, of course, see, for example, on the header, you can mix and match styled components with other styling approaches like CSS modules without problems, though typically, you will likely go for one approach that you then use for the entire app but you can mix them if you want to. But here I now wanna dive deeper into styled components and therefore, let's now make sure that the label looks good again. And for that, with our styled components here, we can, of course, create a label constant starting with an uppercase character since it will store a React component inside of it and create it with styled.label. Then we need these two back ticks as you learned. And now we can add our label styles here. So for that, in index.css, I'll take a look at which styles were applied. These styles here in my case, and I can copy them and add them here like this. And now we just have to use this label component here instead of the regular label element. So label like this and like this, and also down here. And I'll deliberately keep that class name prop on that styled component here for now. If I now save this, you'll see that the label looks good again. And what you'll also see if I click sign in is that even that conditional styling still works, but this does now not work because of some styled components feature, but because of this dynamically added CSS class here because that's really important to understand about these styled components. These components, which you build with styled dot, do not just use the children prop so that you can wrap them around content like this texture. But in addition, they also forward all props you're setting on this styled component to the underlying built-in JSX element. So the built-in label in this case here. So this styled.label creates such a built-in label under the hood and it forwards all props you're setting on the styled component here, like this class name prop in this case to that label it's using internally. It then just also adds these styles. But other than that, it forwards all props, which, of course, can be super convenient, not just for setting a class name here but, for example, for adding event listeners like this by setting the onChange prop or for setting the type prop on the input. And that therefore, also makes it super simple for us to migrate this input to styled components, for example. All we have to do is create a new constant here, which could be named input and then use styled input and these back ticks. And then search for the styles that should be applied, in this case, these styles here, copy them and then back in AuthInputs.jsx, add them here. And now we can again use this input component, which is based on that styled component as a replacement for the built-in input element. Also here for the password. And we don't have to change anything about the props. Instead this just works. But we now got all our styling back because we're now properly using styled components. And you see validation works and the onChange listener clearly also still works. Otherwise, our entered value here wouldn't be reflected back into here and validation wouldn't pass after entering a valid value. So all these props work, but now with styled components.