So at this point, the general idea behind styled components hopefully is clear. In the end, it's all about building these small wrappers which you can then use in your application and which you of course also can reuse. And that's the advantage compared to inline styles. The styles now are closer to the JSX code, but they are not inside of the JSX code and we got no duplication in the JSX code. Instead, we just get these little wrapper components that we built with help of styled components. But what about setting styles dynamically or conditionally? Because at the moment this conditional styling we got here is still coming from these CSS classes being added conditionally. And as mentioned, even though you can blend styled components and vanilla CSS as we're doing it here, you will typically go for one solution which you then use for everything in your React projects. And therefore, typically we don't want to add CSS classes like this if we're using styled components. So how can we now make sure that this still is styled conditionally? Well, for this we could add a special prop here, maybe a invalid prop, the name is up to you because in the end it's still your component even though it's created with help of styled components. And then you can add any value you want to that prop. For example here the value stored in this emailNotValid constant here. This value in here, as mentioned before, will be true or false, and therefore it's now true or false that set as a value on the invalid prop on this label component. And now with styled components you can use props set like this inside of your styles to dynamically alter those styles. Now for that, let's take a brief look at the label.invalid class and let's see what it does. And as you can see, what it does is that it changes the color to this reddish color here. So we can therefore grab that color, and back in the styled component, this styled label here, we wanna set this color value dynamically. And we can achieve this by now using this special injection syntax again here, which you can use between these back ticks to construct a dynamic string in the end. And with styled components, you can and should now pass a function, for example such an arrow function as a value here, because values you inject into this string here will in the end be picked up by that label function that's defined by the styled components package and will be executed and handled by that styled components package. That's how these tagged templates work in the end. If you inject dynamic values, those tagged template functions will receive those injected values as arguments. So therefore this will be a function that will be executed by the styled components package in the end. And this styled component package will execute this function to dynamically derive a value that should be used in this place in our styling rules. And to help us derive a dynamic value the styled components package will give us the props object as an input to this function, which it will execute for us. And this of course will include all the props that are set on that styled component, for example, this invalid prop. Therefore, to return the value that should be used by the styled components package in this place here, we can now take a look at props.invalid or of course also use destructuring here and use invalid like this, and then either if this is true, set this reddish color, or if this is false, use this color, this default color. And with that we got all these styles hard coded and set up permanently, but this style is now derived dynamically based on our props. And therefore if we reload this and I click SIGN IN, you see this label still is styled conditionally, but this is now happening because of our stalled components code here. Because that className was removed, so that's not causing that, instead it's this newly added prop and this styled components feature being used here. And whilst this might look strange at first, it's really straightforward to get into and this is therefore how you can style your styled components conditionally. Now feel free to, as a practice, also add some conditional styling to this input. After a short pause, which I'll give you to pause the video and try this on your own, we'll do it together. So let's now add these conditional styles to this input here. For that, we first of all wanna make sure that we get a prop that tells us if this is invalid. And for that we can of course use the same invalid prop I used on my label here. So now inside of the styled input component we can use this invalid prop with this syntax here just as we did it for the label. So let's take a look at which styles should be applied conditionally here to the input. And here you can see that it's these three CSS properties that are set if the invalid class is added. So color, border color and background color, we wanna set those dynamically. Hence here in this styled input we can go to the background color and use this injection syntax where we get our props, or we use destructuring to get direct access to the invalid prop. And if invalid is true, we want to use this background color here. So I'll copy that and use this here, otherwise it's this color. And of course we have to check if invalid is true first. So that was the background color, now for the text color we also have a special color that should be applied if the input is invalid and therefore I'll copy that color, and then here we do exactly the same. We get the invalid prop here, because we're getting all props. I check if invalid is truthy, and if that's the case I'll add this reddish color and otherwise this default color. Well, and for the border it's the same, we can copy this code and replace transparent here with it, and transparent will then be our default color, if invalid is not true, alternatively we'll apply this border color here. So we can copy that and use that as a color here if invalid should be true. And therefore, now with that, if we save that and I reload if I submit this in an invalid state, you can see that all these invalid styles are being applied to this input. And therefore of course now we're using styled components for label and input to apply dynamic styles. And we can now also do this down here for the password label and input. Here we therefore just also have to make sure that this special invalid prop, which we introduced is being set. And here for the password label it should receive the value stored in the passwordNotValid constant, which will also be true or false. The same is true here for the input. So now we're using the same styled components with the same prop with a different value for the password label and input. And with that, if we save that, if we reload, you see the password also still gets this conditional styling if invalid values are entered. Now, one thing to note about injecting props into styled components is that you of course should make sure that you don't accidentally clash with default built-in props that might exist on certain elements. For example, here you'll note that I'm actually getting a warning now, because I'm setting false as a value for the invalid prop, and it turns out that the invalid prop on the input element is a built-in prop. Now to work around that, since all the props you are setting on your styled components will be forwarded to the underlying built-in components. It is a common convention to prefix those props which you only want to use in your styled component styling code with a dollar sign. This is still a valid prop name, so this is allowed in JavaScript, but you won't clash with built-in props. And therefore, if we do that on both labels and inputs for the email and the password and we use $invalid, and we also use $invalid up here for pulling it out of the props object and using it here in the condition, and of course also here for the input component, you'll see that now with that, if you save everything and you reload the application still looks and works as before, but the warning is gone. And that's just something to keep in mind and be aware of.