Now to conclude this introduction to styled components here, let's take a look at how you could handle media queries with styled components or how you can work with pseudo selectors like hover when using styled components or how to set up nested rules like this with styled components because all these things are possible as you'll see. And let's start with media queries and nested selectors like this. For that, in the header.jsx file, let's replace this built-in header with a styled components header. For that, of course, we need to import styled from styled-components and then here, we can create our custom header again in that same file, because I'm only using it in that file and it's tightly connected to this file here, though at the moment, I would clash with this function name here. So I'll name it StyledHeader here to avoid this clash. And then I'll create this header with styled.header and these back ticks of course. And now we can grab our header styles and move them between those back ticks. So start with these styles here, which are straightforward because they are applied directly to the header. I'll copy them and add them here, and I'll then use StyledHeader to replace the built-in header with that styled component. But with that, of course, you'll see that if I reload this, it doesn't look too bad, but really only because I still have that CSS import here. If I get rid of that and I get rid of that class here, you'll see that it breaks. The image is way too big, the text doesn't look right, it broke completely, because whilst these CSS properties are still all set, as you can tell by the fact that everything's centered, for example, and as you can see if you inspect this, of course, you'll see that these properties here are all applied. But whilst that's the case, the other rules here, of course, aren't applied because I'm not importing that CSS file anymore. Now, we could now replace the image with a styled component and then add our image styles to that component and do the same for the h1 element. And that absolutely wouldn't be bad. But you can also take an alternative route. We can copy all that other CSS code here from the header module, CSS file, including the media query, copy that, and then add it here in our styled components code for the header like this. Now, if you do that, nothing will change but we're not done yet. Instead, you should now replace header with the ampersand symbol so that you're saying and image but it's separated with a white space here. This ampersand symbol here will tell styled components that this rule here should affect any image elements that are inside of this header, so that are nested inside of this header. And we can do the same here for the h1 element. Use the ampersand instead of header. We can also change this paragraph here to & p to target any paragraphs inside of this header. And then down here in the media query, we can use just & to replace the header so that these rules are applied to the header if this media Query here is met. And writing the media query like this absolutely still works. And of course, we can even get rid of that and just add our rule like this if this media query here is met. And use & again here to also set up some rules for the h1 element if this media query here is met. And with that, if we save that and reload, you see all our styles are back. And if I open my developer tools to simulate a smaller screen, you can also see that now here if I inspect this header, it has a margin to the bottom of 2rem. But if I make this bigger so that we simulate a bigger screen, you see that this is overruled by another rule that's coming from the media query where the margin bottom is set to 4rem. And that's this rule here inside of the media query. And that's how easy it is to set up a styled component that also styles its children and uses features like a media query. As you see, it's standard CSS code. We did not need to change that code, and you don't need to convert every element to a styled component just to style it. Instead, you can just convert one wrapping parent component and then add the styles to it like that. And now for pseudo selectors, it's pretty similar. Let's say we wanna replace the button here with a styled component. For that, back in AuthInputs, we can add a new Button component like this and use styled.button. And then, of course, as a first step, grab all our standard button styles here from index.css and add them here like this. But to now also apply some styles when we hover over this button, we can use &:hover, now just not separated with a white space because with a white space in between, you would be targeting child elements inside of the button that are being hovered. Without a white space, it's the button itself that should be hovered. And you can then set up your hover styles here, which in this case only means that the background color should be changed. So we can copy this and paste it in here. And now we can use our own button here and replace the built in button, this one here. The first one will stay the way it is because it's a different kind of button, which I don't wanna migrate to styled components right now simply to save you some on time. But of course, you can do it as an exercise. But here it's that second button. I'll remove this class name here. And with that, you'll see that if I reload, this button still looks and works as it did before, but now this button here is created with a styled component and it still has this hover style.