Now before we'll move on to Tailwind CSS, the last and pretty popular approach for styling React components and applications I wanna show you. I wanna take another look at these styled components we created. For example, here in the AuthInputs.jsx file, you can see that quite a lot of new components were added here. This div, this label, this input, and this button. Now there are some components, most importantly that div here, which really only are used in AuthInputs.jsx. Here I'm using this ControlContainer component down there and it's unlikely that I need that same component in other parts of the application. And in such cases, storing it here in that same file is perfect and is absolutely fine. But for the label and the input and the button it's not unlikely that in a bigger application I might need those same components with the same styles in other parts of the application as well. And therefore you could consider creating separate component files for such kinds of components. So UI elements that you may reuse in other parts of the application. And therefore we could add a Button.jsx file and an Input.jsx file and maybe also a Label.jsx file to store those styled components in those files. Though, at least when it comes to the input and the label, I'll show you yet another approach or pattern you might want to consider for your applications as well, but let's start with the button. We can simply grab this button here, cut it from AuthInputs and paste it into the Button.jsx file. And then here we can simply export this constant button as a default like this. And of course, since I'm using styled in here I now also have to import styled from styled-components like this. And with that exported and set up like this we can go back to AuthInputs.jsx, and there of course simply import the button from our Button.jsx file like this. And therefore AuthInputs.jsx will still work as before, the button will still work as before but we could now use it in other files as well. Which of course does not matter for this super simple dummy application here but which will likely matter in bigger React applications you might be building. Now when it comes to the label and the input we could do the same, but here I'd argue that it's so common to this combination of label and input that we might wanna merge them to gather into one single component. And for that we could grab this input and label components, so these two styled components in the AuthInputs.jsx file and cut them and move them here into Input.jsx. Then we of course also need to import styled here from styled-components, but now I will actually not export these two components like this, but instead I'll export a new component function which I'll name CustomInput to avoid a name clash, where I will simply return a paragraph as a wrapper where I then use my styled label and my styled input. But now here on this custom input component function, which is a regular component function, as we built it many times before in this course already, I'll accept a label prop, let's say, and since it's my component I can accept any prop I want here, and I'll then merge any other props I'll get into a props object with this three dot operator here, which can be used when using object destructuring like this. This allows me to pass this label text as a child between these style component label tags. And here on the input I'll spread my remaining props which I'm getting, so that for example, the onChange prop gets forwarded to that input, or the type prop. In addition, I'll expect an invalid prop here on my custom input, and I'll use it as a value for the dollar sign invalid prop, which is expected by my styled components. And I'll use that for both the label and the input. And with that I got custom input component, which is exported, and we can now use that in AuthInputs.jsx. In there I can now import my custom input from Input.jsx, and here in this file I can just name it Input. The name here can differ from my component function file here Because it is the default export, and therefore imported like this here in AuthInputs.jsx. And now I can use this custom input instead of separately setting up the label, or this paragraph here, I can get rid of all of that. And instead, now here I have my input, which now receives just a prop named invalid and a label prop, which here is Email. And then these props, which will be forwarded to the underlying input due to how this is set up here. And the second input here also gets the invalid prop therefore, and also a label of Password. With that if I saved it and reload these inputs and labels still work as before, I can still enter values in there and submit valid values therefore, but now I got this reusable combined input component here and you could absolutely use this pattern, this approach here also, if you were not using styled components because of course you could have just simply added regular CSS classes here or target the label and input with regular CSS classes. The main takeaway from this lecture, therefore simply is that as a React developer, you should always look for opportunities like this where you can either outsource reusable components that have a certain styling applied to them, which you might need in different parts of the application, and/or components that maybe have certain combinations of JSX elements that you might need to reuse in other parts of the application. And in the end, this is something we already have been doing in all these other sections up to this point already. But now we're also taking styling as another factor into account that might influence our choices regarding how we split our components and how we reuse our components. And that's it for styled components. Styled components have the advantage of being relatively quick and easy to set up and add to your application. As you saw adding those different styled components was pretty straightforward and didn't require a lot of extra work. Another potential advantage is that you can continue thinking in React because in the end you're just working with configurable style functions, which in the end is pretty much the same idea and concept as the concept of working with components in React. Another advantage of styled components is that styles are automatically scoped so you won't have any CSS rule or styling clashes, but you of course do need to know CSS in order to work with styled components because we did write standard CSS code here, which also can be an advantage of course but it can also be a disadvantage if you don't know and like CSS. We also got no strong separation between React and CSS code of course, since now the styles are defined next to our components or in the same files as our components. And you also tend to end up with a lot of relatively small wrapper components like the button or input component we created, which isn't necessarily a bad thing though because in the end, component creation and reusage is a core idea in React. Nonetheless, creating all these extra small components just for styling purposes can sometimes also be annoying.