Now to conclude this course section, let's explore Tailwind CSS. Another extremely popular solution for styling web apps in general, not just React apps, that turns out to work really well with React though. Now Tailwind CSS is a CSS framework that can be used in any web project. It's not focused on React or anything like that, but it works really well with React. And what you can see there, is that Tailwind is all about adding tiny utility CSS classes like the classes you're seeing here to HTML elements to apply styles step by step and therefore then style the overall component. In addition, Tailwind also sets up some base styles that will affect the overall document, but the main idea behind Tailwind really is to add these tiny utility classes. And when you see this for the first time, this can look pretty intimidating and ugly. After all, you're going to add a lot of CSS classes into your JSX code. But as you'll see in this demo project here it's actually not too bad. And for many developers working with Tailwind CSS is actually pretty convenient, because you don't need to know CSS in order to use it. That's the idea behind CSS frameworks like this. Now to use Tailwind CSS, we can go to the docs on the official Tailwind CSS website, and then there under installation, you should click on Framework Guides and there Vite, or you simply use the link you find attached to this lecture. Speaking of that, attached to this lecture you also find a link to a new CodeSandbox project that already has Tailwind CSS set up, so that you don't need to do it manually there. But for the local project, you should go through these setup steps here, for CodeSandbox simply use the updated Sandbox link which you find attached. So in the local project we can skip the first step because we already have a project, but we now have to run these two commands to install the Tailwind CSS package, and some other packages it may require, and to initialize it. The exact commands you see here may change over time and you can simply execute the commands you do see here. So you should quit your development server and run these two commands to install Tailwind and initialize it. And once you did that, you'll see that some new configuration files were added. Now in this section, I'll just get you started with Tailwind CSS. This is not a Tailwind CSS course and therefore we will not explore how you could configure Tailwind and all the features it offers. Instead you should use the official Tailwind CSS documentation, or some dedicated Tailwind CSS course if you wanna learn more about that. Here we're just getting started. And speaking of that, the next step is to tweak one of these config files by overriding the content entry in there with this entry. Again, this may change over time and therefore when you're following along in your project you might see a different step on the Tailwind website at the point of time you are following along, but right now I need to tweak the config as shown here. And then as a last step pretty much, we should copy these three statements here into the index CSS file. And for that I'll actually first copy the existing index CSS file and rename it to index-old CSS, so that I still have that. And then delete everything in the remaining index CSS file and add these three statements here into it. These are required by Tailwind. And with that, that's all. Now, if I run NPM run dev, this project will use Tailwind CSS, and therefore, since I renamed the old CSS file and I'm not importing that renamed file anymore, as a result, if you visit the website, you will see that it basically broke, at least to some extent. The header didn't break and the input and labels and this button also still look decent because I'm using styled components there, but we're now also going to change that and instead switch to Tailwind CSS. And as I mentioned before, the core idea behind Tailwind CSS simply is that you add those tiny utility CSS classes to your elements to change their look, to apply predefined CSS rules that were defined by the Tailwind team and that are available through these utility classes. Therefore, here in this project, we can, for example, start by removing this styled header code here, and switching back to a regular header, and getting rid of that styled import here, and this import. And therefore of course the header is broken now, and we can now start adding these utility classes. And for that I'll add the class name prop again on the header. And now here I'm getting some nice auto completion for these Tailwind classes, which is pretty convenient. I'm getting these here in Visual Studio Code, because I installed the Tailwind CSS IntelliSense extension which I do recommend installing. It's published by the Tailwind team itself and it really simplifies the process of working with Tailwind, since you get Tailwind class name suggestions and you therefore don't have to look up all the class names in the official docs, which is the alternative though. If you dive into those docs you cannot just learn more about the general core concepts and how to configure and customize Tailwind, but you can also learn about the different things you can style. For example, how you can use Flexbox with Tailwind by adding the flex class to the container which should create a Flexbox and by then, for example, setting widths and heights of the elements inside of the Flexbox. And that's what I wanna do here indeed. This header here should use CSS Flexbox to position its child elements. And with Tailwind CSS this can be achieved by adding the flex class here, by then also adding flex col to make sure that the main axis of this Flexbox is the vertical axis. And you see a preview of the underlying CSS code that will be applied by this class here when using that Tailwind extension. I'll add items center to align these items in the center, so to center them horizontally since the main axis is the vertical axis. And I'll add a margin to the top with the MT utility classes of 2rem, as you see here with MT8, and to the bottom of 4rem with MB16. And I'm totally aware of the fact that if you never worked with Tailwind, this is super intimidating because you got all these strange class names and how should you know which class names exist and which class names do what? Well, with help of the official documentation, of course. Here you for example, also learn how to set margins. And you'll see classes like the MB classes I just used here. And of course, as you then work with Tailwind in your projects, you will learn the most important classes which you use all the times by heart, automatically. You should not do it right now as an active process, instead, you should simply practice working with Tailwind look up classes as you need them, and then you'll automatically learn them over time. And with that, for example, by adding these classes here you see that now this is centered again. Now of course, that's not all though, the image still doesn't look great. So we should add some classes here as well, and here we could, for example add margin bottom 8 here to add a margin of 4rem to the bottom, and then give this image a fixed width with the W44 class, for example, which adds a width of 11 rem in this case, and give it the same height, so that this image looks nicer. I now also wanna make sure that it's not distorted by adding object contain, which adds this object fit contains CSS property to it. And of course, now we can also style the title here and the paragraph by adding a class name of text 4xl to make this bigger, font semi bold, for example, tracking widest to add some spacing between those characters, text-center, uppercase to make it all uppercase. And then I'll use text amber 800 to set this color because the great thing about Tailwind CSS is that it comes with many built-in background and text colors which you can use, so that you get a nice color palette out of the box without you defining your own colors which you still can do though, if you want to. You can customize Tailwind, you can set your own colors but you can also use these out of the box built-in colors to get a nice look quickly. And with that, this already looks much nicer. But now I do wanna customize it a little bit, even though this here is just an introduction to Tailwind. But I do wanna bring back my nice background for the overall page. And I do wanna bring back my custom font which I wanted to use here.