But before we'll take a closer look at the advantages and disadvantages of Tailwind CSS, let's first explore another very important styling problem you frequently face. What if you need different styles for different screen sizes, or if you want style pseudo selectors, like we added here in the button for the hover style? Well, let's start with media queries. Of course, Tailwind has a solution for that. In the official docs, under responsive design, you learn that there are certain prefixes you can add to your utility classes to only apply them if you have a certain minimum screen width. For example, if you add MD colon in front of this width class, this width class will only be applied if you are at least on a medium sized screen with this minimum width. And therefore translated to our application here, where I have these special styles for my header and the h1 element, I can go back to Header JSX and for example, make sure that on this header we only have this huge margin to the bottom if we have at least a medium sized screen by prefixing this with MD colon. And now I can set up a default margin to the bottom of, let's say, two REM with MB 8. Now this will always be applied and this will be applied instead if we have that bigger screen. And the same can be done here for the h1 element. We can use this big text if we have at least a medium sized screen. Otherwise, we could apply the text xl utility clause, which still sets up a large text but not as large as it is with text for xl. And therefore if I save this, it looks exactly as before, but if I shrink my screen, you see the text gets smaller and the margin here below the header also got smaller than it is on bigger screens. Now what about hover styles though? Well, for this, let's go back to this button here. And of course here at the moment, I'm using a styled component and that's not one I want to use anymore. So I will actually clear this file and instead export a button component function here where I return a standard button and where I use the children prop so that my own button can be wrapped around content that should then go in here and I'll collect any remaining props here and simply forward them to this button here, like that. But with that, of course, we're not using Tailwind yet. Instead that can now be done by again adding class name and then adding all the classes we want to have here. And for this button, that means that I want to have some padding to the left and right, which can be set with the PX clause here, maybe one REM with PX four. Then I'm padding to the top at bottom, maybe PY two for 0.5 rem. I wanna have a semi bold font here, let's say, it should be all uppercase, let's say. I wanna have some rounded corners by adding the rounded utility class or one of these other rounded classes to control the border radius as you can see here on the right. But I'll go for rounded and then I'll give this text color of text stone 900, which is a dark gray, BG amber 400 to use this yellow orange-ish background color. And to now make sure that we got a different style when we hover over this button, I'll add hover colon in front of the utility class that should only be applied if the button is in a hover state. So if we are hovering over that button. So just as we can use MD and other screen size classes to add certain utility classes only on certain screen sizes, we can use hover or focus colon to only apply certain utility classes if these elements are in a certain state, in this case, if we're hovering over this button. And then here we can add BG amber 500 as a background color, let's say, so that we use this darker background color if we are hovering over this button. With that, we again got a pretty long class list here but with that, if I save this, you see this button, the regular background color is a bit hard to see right now because this input area has no background. But if I hover over it, you can clearly see that this changes.