Now what about dynamic or conditional styles as we, for example have it here in our Input component? There we wanna change some styles and some colors if the invalid prop is being set. Well that's also straightforward to do. Here, we can get rid of these styled components and therefore maybe rename our custom component here to just Input again. And I'll still accept the label invalid prop and all the other remaining props, but now we're going to switch back to the regular built in label here and get rid of this prop and switch back to the regular input and get rid of this dollar sign invalid prop here as well. And now we of course can again apply some Tailwind utility classes here. And now to make this less cumbersome and make sure that you don't have to type them manually you'll find this Input.jsx file attached and you can simply copy its content into your Input.jsx file. That will give you a label with a class name that includes all the Tailwind classes that should be added and an input with all the classes that are needed added to it. With that, if you save that, you will see that label and input changed a little bit. But that in general, we got a style that's similar to what we had before with this light gray text, this gray background, and so on. We don't have that conditional styling in case it should be invalid though. But adjusting these styles conditionally is now actually pretty straightforward. We can, for example, create a labelClasses variable, which includes these label classes here as a value. And then we could add a if check here and check if invalid is true, in which case we wanna change those label classes to a different list of classes. And then down here we just set the labelClasses as a value. Now here in this case, the classes are of course mostly the same. So therefore I can copy it like this. And then I just want to change the text color from text-stone to a different color. And therefore I'll not copy text-stone down here, but instead set a separate color of text-red-400, for example. And with that you'll see that if I reload, if I submit this form in an invalid state, the labels become red. And that's how you can apply styles conditionally with Tailwind. Now of course, repeating all these styles here, which are exactly the same styles no matter if invalid is true or false is a bit cumbersome. Therefore, a slightly better alternative is to set up a base labelClasses string that does not include text-stone-300, but only all the base classes, which don't change. And then to just add this red-text color here if invalid is true. And else add this text-stone-300 class here with a white space in front of it so that there is a white space after the last class that is set up in the base classes here. So this white space here is important so that this does not become one long class, but instead two separate classes. But that's now an elegant way of setting different classes based on some base classes depending on a certain condition. Now we can do the same for our input, of course. We can set up a input classes string, which in the end is this string here of course. So we can cut this and set it up here and then we can adjust these input classes if invalid is true by concatenating more classes here and doing the same if invalid is false. Now for the input, it's more than just the text color that needs to change, but it's also the text color. So we can cut this here from our base classes and add this here if invalid is false. So as a default style. And do the same for the background color. Cut that here and add it here if invalid is false. If invalid is true, I instead want to add text-red-500 here, bg-red-100, and border-red-300. And with that again, we can use these input classes down here as a value for class name on the input so that our JSX code is pretty lean again. And we got all this styling code up here where we then add certain Tailwind classes depending on a condition. And with that, if we save that, we got the default look. And if I click sign in, we got the invalid look. And with that we migrated almost the entire app. Now it's just the background of these inputs here that needs to change and the second button here.