Now to finish the migration to Tailwind CSS I'll go back to the auth inputs JSX file. And in there I'll now get rid of that control container style component because we're not using that anymore. And instead down here, we should switch back to a regular div also for the closing tag, of course. And now it's all about adding more classes here for example, on this main div here. Here, I, for example, want to make sure that this takes all the width it can get but a maximum width of 24 rem, which can be achieved by setting the max dash W dash SM class on this element. We can add a padding in all directions with P eight, a padding of two rem in this case here, to be precise. Add rounded corners by adding the rounded utility class. Add a little background shadow with shadow dash md. You got different shadow strengths available here. Here I'll go for the medium shadow. And then I wanna have a slight gradient in the background off this div, which can easily be achieved with Tailwind by using BG gradient, to create a gradient from the top to the bottom. That's what this utility class does. And then set the starting color with from stone 700 and the target color for this gradient with to stone 800. And again, this of course is absolutely not something you could guess or know before working with Tailwind but that's why you got the official documentation where you of course also learn how to apply gradients. So with that, if you save this, you see that now we have this nice background. Now of course, it should also be centered and that can be achieved by adding MX dash auto which sets the horizontal margin to auto, which is a nice trick in CSS two center something. And I also want to have more space between those inputs. And for that, we can go to this div which wraps those inputs and use Flexbox again with flex col to position elements along the vertical axis and add a gap between those child elements. So between those inputs with gap two, for example. And then also add a margin to the bottom so that below these inputs, we also have some distance to those buttons here. Like this so that this looks much nicer. Now to finish this migration, I wanna style this button and make sure that these buttons are moved to the right. And that can be achieved by going to that div that currently has a class name of actions. And changing this to flex to again, use Flexbox but now along the horizontal axis, which is the default. And we can push the elements to the end with justify end. Add a gap between them with gap four like this and style the other button by replacing text dash button with a list of Tailwind CSS classes like text dash Amber 400 for the text color. And then also a hover style where we change that color maybe to text dash Amber 500. And with that, this looks nicer, I'd say. And that's now the finished app using Tailwind CSS instead of Vanilla CSS or styled-components.