And that's it for this introduction to Tailwind CSS. Now, as you can tell, when using Tailwind CSS, you do end up with certain elements that have a lot of CSS classes on them, and that of course means that there is more code to add in your JSX code. And there certainly also are developers who don't like having long class name lists as we have it here. Though it's of course worth mentioning that Tailwind does actually work with React really well because you can create reusable utility Components like this input Component which then have all these CSS classes inside of them so that you can use them in your application without having to repeat these long class lists over and over again. Instead, as you can see here, these custom input Components can be used in a pretty lean and easy to understand way and all these CSS classes are simply hidden inside of the Component. Therefore, we don't have to repeat this all the time. So when embracing Components, as you should do when building React apps, embracing Tailwind CSS and this idea of building Components by combining multiple classes does actually work really well. Nonetheless, using Tailwind CSS is, of course, something that like all these approaches in the end comes down to personal preference. An advantage of Tailwind CSS is that you don't really have to know CSS to use it, and you can develop React apps or web apps in general to be precise pretty rapidly when using Tailwind CSS because as you'll see, it doesn't take you very long to memorize the most important utility classes, and especially with this nice extra extension, which even suggests classes and helps you find the right classes, styling elements, and Components is actually pretty easy and done quickly when using Tailwind CSS. You also avoid style clashes, of course, because you don't define any global CSS rules on your own. And Tailwind CSS gives you all these advantages whilst still being highly configurable and customizable and extensible so that you can really tweak it exactly to your likings and requirements. But you do, of course, end up with those relatively long class name values, at least for certain elements. And any style changes that should be applied, of course, do require the editing of JSX code, so you don't really have a strong separation between JSX and styling code. And you also tend to end up with a lot of relatively small wrapper Components like this input or button Component, which isn't too bad though. After all that's the idea behind React kind of. Creating and using them can still sometimes be cumbersome and annoying. Or if you don't do that, you would end up with a lot of copy and pasting because if you don't create that input component here, you will have to copy and paste that code to all the inputs and labels you want to use in your application. And therefore, as for all these solutions shown in this section, there are various advantages and disadvantages but now since you got an introduction to all these different approaches for your future projects, you can hopefully pick the solution you personally like most. For this course, I will mostly stick to Vanilla CSS simply because it allows me to focus on teaching you React and it avoids writing all those extra CSS class names. But in your projects, you should definitely use the approach you personally like.