In this lecture we are going to install the latest Java Development kit. So first of all let's search for Java JDK 23. And we are looking for Oracle.com. So this is what we are looking for. As you can see we can download any JDK versions. But the latest one is Java Development Kit 23. You can choose your operating system because I have windows as the underlying operating system. This is why I will download the 64 bit installer. So this is what we have to download. So let's wait for it to be downloaded. If it is downloaded then let's double click the file. So welcome to the installation process of Java Development Kit 23. This is exactly what we are looking for. And the default location is C program files Java JDK 23. This is going to be just fine. So let's click on next. And let's wait for Java JDK 23 to be installed. It takes approximately one minute at least on my machine to finish. So let's wait for it. Okay, so it has been installed successfully, and what we have to do is that we have to update environment variables. So first of all we have to navigate to where we have installed Java. So I have Java JDK 23 bin folder because the bin folder contains all the Java related commands such as Java C. With the help of Java C, we can compile our application. And this is exactly what IntelliJ framework will use under the hood. So let's copy this location. Make sure that you include the bin folder as well. Then you have to search for environment variables. As you can see we have edit the system environment variables. Let's click on environment variables. We should edit the path. So I click on edit I click on new and I paste the location of Java JDK 23. By the way, if you have a Java home then you can edit and update Java JDK 23. Okay, and if you have the same for system variables, then you can do it without any problem. So I will make sure that I use Java 23. And then let's click on okay. Okay let's open a command line. So a command prompt. And what we can do is that we type Java C. If you have installed Java successfully then this is what you will get. This is the Java compiler that we are looking for. And by the way we have Java C version. And as you can see Java 323. So we are using Java Development Kit 23. By the way we can check the version of Java and you get Java 23 as well. So this is exactly how we install Java Development Kit 23. And this is what we are going to use in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.