In this lecture we are going to install IntelliJ Integrated Development Environment. So let's search for IntelliJ. This is exactly what we are looking for. But first before navigating to the website let's search for community version. Because of course we want to download the community edition. So let's click on the first. And here as you can see you can download the ultimate version with free 30 day trial. But of course this is not what we are looking for. If we scroll down then as you can see, we have the community edition and this is exactly what we want to download. Okay, so let's wait for it to be downloaded. Then we have to double click. And of course this is the installer that we are looking for. Let's click on next. Then this is going to be the destination folder. Let's click on next. And then you can customize for example whether to create a desktop shortcut or not. We can use this open folder as project. So whenever we have a Java project then we can right click and we can open that folder as a project. You can select it. And of course we would like to use for Java. And finally we can update the path variable to add the bin beam folder to the path. This is what we have to do. Usually when using the windows operating system. Okay, let's click on next and install. It takes approximately 2 to 3 minutes to install IntelliJ. So let's wait for it to be finished. And of course then you have to reboot your computer. So let's click on finish. And then after your computer has been rebooted then of course you can search for IntelliJ Community Edition. And this is exactly what we want to start. As you can see this is the latest version. You can create a new project just for demonstration purposes. For example Udemy test. Let's create it. And what I want to do is that I would like to print out that. Hello and welcome. So first you have to wait for IntelliJ to find and configure the underlying JDK and so on. But after that you can print out for example hello world and welcome. So if I save and run the application then we should see hello and welcome. So as you can see it is working fine. We can run a Java application with the help of IntelliJ. Thanks for watching.