In this lecture we are going to talk about the type inference algorithm. So what is type inference. Type inference is the ability of Java compiler to look at each method invocation and corresponding declaration in order to determine the type arguments. So we have been talking about the two generic types, whether we are dealing with generic arguments or generic methods we have been using generic types, and type inference is the ability of the compiler to determine the type of those arguments. Okay, so first of all type inference is going to determine the type of the arguments and the type that the result is being assigned or returned if available. So basically this is the ability of the compiler to determine the exact type of the generic arguments. Okay. So for example, if we have a generic method like this, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that, first of all, we have to notify Java that we are going to deal with the generic method. So this is why we have to use this less than greater than so-called diamond operator. With the generic t type. We are going to return with the generic type. Getname is the name of the method. And of course we are dealing with generic arguments t1 and t2. And just for demonstration purposes we are going to return with t1. Okay. So the type inference algorithm tries to find the most specific type that works with all of the arguments. So for example if we use this method so Getdata method with a string and with an ArrayList, then if we use a serializable as the return type, then as you can see, there is no need for costing. Why? Because the compiler under the hood is going to find the most specific type that works with all of the arguments. And because the string class in Java implements the serializable interface and the array list, as the class implements the serializable interface as well. Java, with the help of the type inference algorithm, will come to the conclusion that this generic type is serializable. So T1 is serializable, T2 is serializable, the return type is serializable. And this is why if we use the serializable here, then there is no need for casting the return type. And basically this is called type inference that the compiler tries to find the most specific type that works with all of the arguments. Okay, so this is a good example as far as a string. And as far as an ArrayList is concerned, both of them implement the serializable interface. So we can use something like this without any problem okay. Another feature of type inference is that we can use class instantiation like this. So whenever we instantiate an array list like a list in a generic manner, which means that we have to define the type. So basically the items we are going to store in the underlying one dimensional array. Then we can define the string with the less than greater than diamond operator. And of course, the naive approach is that we have to define the string type as far as the array list related diamond operator is concerned. But what's crucial that because of type inference, it is not crucial to do so. So we don't have to specify that the array list is going to store strings, because the compiler is going to know that, okay, we use a list interface and it is equals to a new array list implementation. Of course we define that the list is going to store strings. Then of course the compiler will know that the array list will have string as the types as well. Okay, so there is no need to specify the type because of type inference. And type inference enables us to invoke a generic method as an ordinary Java method without specifying the type. So we are going to take a look at several examples and it is going to be clear.