In this lecture we are going to talk about type inference. So first of all let's create a generic bucket class. By the way this is going to be very similar to what we have discussed in one of the previous lectures. So we are able to store a given value private t item. And we can get that given item. So get item and we return with this dot item in the constructor. So public bucket we can define the item itself and we set the item accordingly. So what I want to show you that in the generic apps if I create a method, for example public static because we will call it from the static main method. So we have no other option but to set it to be static. And of course this method will handle a generic argument and it is a void so it doesn't return with any value. And for example, we have the odd store method. We get a Uh, generic item. And then we have a list of buckets containing generic item as the list. By the way, I would like to show you quite a complicated example to demonstrate type inference. So with the help of this method, we would like to add a generic item to a list containing buckets of generic items. And what we can do is that we can instantiate a bucket as a new bucket containing the generic type. By the way, what's crucial that we don't have to define here that we store generic type because of type inference? So Java is smart enough to figure out that here in the diamond operator we defined the T as the type. So there is no need to define it again. It knows the type exactly. And then we use list odd the given bucket. So we add the bucket containing the generic item to the list of buckets. And finally I print out so System.out.print line that item is added successfully. And just for demonstration purposes, we append the item and we print the string representation of that generic object. And then in the main method we can instantiate a list of bucket of strings. This is the list that is a new ArrayList. Again, we don't have to define the type here explicitly because of type inference. So Java is smart enough to figure out that the type of the list is bucket of strings. And then we can call the odd store method because it is static. It belongs to the class. So generic application store. And we can specify n. Then we can specify the list. So if we save and run the application of course we expect that the item is added successfully and we print out the string value. So this is exactly what we get. Of course, if we define integer, it means that there's a compile time error because we have to use an integer value. And if I save and rerun the application, then the item is ordered successfully. And this is type inference because based on the first integer value that we provide to that given method, Java comes to the conclusion that the buckets that are stored in the list are of type T as well. So essentially we are storing integers. By the way, a more obvious example for type inference is after Java 17. So for example we can create an integer number which is equals to ten. After Java 17, we don't have to define the types explicitly if we define it as a variable. Java is smart enough to figure out that this is an integer, or for example, this is a floating point value, or this is a double. Or for example, if we create a name, for example Anna, then Java is smart enough to figure out that the type of this variable is a string. Or another example. And maybe we have already considered this example that if we create a list of integers nums and we instantiate it as a new ArrayList here we don't have to specify that this is an integer, because Java is smart enough to figure out based on type inference that because it is a list of integers. Essentially, under the hood, the one dimensional array will contain integer values. So type inference is a key feature in generic method calls. It allows for cleaner and more readable code. It works as long as the compiler has enough context to infer the type, and if the compiler doesn't have any information, then we might use type witness. And this is why we are going to talk about type witness in one of the coming lectures.