In the previous lectures we have been talking about type inference, and in this lecture I would like to show you another example. So let's assume that we create a public static generic method. It is generic. So let's use the diamond operator. It is void. And for example we have the odd method and we have a generic list. And we have the first item that is generic. We have the second item that is generic. And what I want to do is that I would like to add the first item to the list. Then I add the second item to the list, and then we return with that given list. So instead of void, let's make sure that it is a generic list with which we return, and in the main method we can store a reference to a list of integers. This is the list and we call the odd method. So here we instantiate a new array list. So this is the input parameter. And this is the first argument as you can see. Because array list implements the list interface. It is working fine by the way. We are going to talk about lists and array lists in the coming lectures. What's crucial that list is an interface. That array list implements. And array list is a data structure to store multiple items. And for example, I would like to store integer values one and two. This is a typical example for type inference, because here we do not specify explicitly that we would like to create an array list for storing integer values. Java is smart enough to figure out that wait, we keep adding the items to that list. The items are integer values, so it is straightforward that it is an array list of integers. There is no need to define so. And by the way, after Java 17 we can use a variable so we don't have to define the type of the list, and it is going to work just fine because of type inference. And if we print out the list I save and rerun the application. Then it works fine. But sorry for that. Of course we have to add the second item instead of adding the first item twice. So if I save and rerun the application now it is working fine. And if I create, for example, strings Adam and then we have Kevin, then Java is smart enough to figure out that this list contains strings, despite the fact that we do not specify it explicitly, and there is no need to do so because Java is smart enough because of type inference that the list stores strings such as Adam and Kevin. So this is another example for how powerful the Java programming language is. And that's all about type inference. Thanks for watching.