In the previous lectures, we have been talking about type inference, and we came to the conclusion that most of the times, Java is smart enough to figure out the generic type of a given list, or a given array list or something like that. But what if Java is not able to do so? So let's create a public static generic method that returns with a list of generic types. For example create list. And what we do is that we return with a new array list, and we don't specify the generic type. In this case, as you may guess, if we try to create a new list of strings as the new list, and we call the create list method because it is static, it belongs to the class itself. So generic application dot create list. If we do something like this, in this case it works fine because after Java eight, Java is so powerful and so smart that it can infer the type. But what we can do is that we can help Java compiler and we can use a diamond operator here. And what does it mean? This is how we notify Java that this array list that we create and we return with a list of generic type. It is a list of strings and this is called type witness. So if we use something like this that we have a variable. So Java cannot figure out the type. It may be quite useful. So if we save then now we can add for example strings such as Adam. So if we save and run the application then it works fine. And if we try to insert, for example, an integer, it is not going to work fine because of type witness. So this is type witness. We notify Java that essentially we create an array list containing strings. So this is why we are not able to insert ten. If we do not use type witness and we create a list without specifying a given type, then as you can see it is working fine. As I said earlier, with newer versions, it is quite hard to fool Java because Java is so smart that it can infer the types without any problem. But anyways, this type witness was an extremely powerful tool in the past to notify Java explicitly that. What is the type that we are looking for? Thanks for watching.