So what's so difficult about forms? Why do we need this special course section? Well, let's first of all define what exactly a form is. And it is basically a collection of input fields, like this login form here, but also potentially like this more complex signup form we'll also explore in this course section. And technically, if you take a look at the code I am providing to you as part of this starting project, a form is simply a collection of input fields, which typically are used in conjunction with labels that are wrapped by the form element, the built-in HTML form element. That's what a form is. But what's now so difficult about forms? Well, in the end, forms are about two main things you wanna do with them. You wanna handle their submission and extract the values entered by the user, and you typically also want to validate the data that's provided by the user and show some validation errors to the user if incorrect data has been provided. Now, thankfully, handling the form submission is relatively easy and so is the extraction of entered data. You can, for example, manage that data via state, as you already learned it, by setting up two-way binding. And we'll revisit this approach in this section here, of course. Alternatively, you could consider using refs to extract values. And we'll, of course. also revisit this approach. Or, and that will be new in this section, you could use built-in features provided by the browser to extract and get that data entered by the user into those form fields with help of the form data object. And you will learn how to use that in this section, of course. But as you will see, this part is typically not the difficult part. Extracting data is typically quite straightforward. Instead, it's that validation part that can be tricky, especially if you wanna provide a good user experience. Because as you will see in this section, you could validate the data entered by the user on every keystroke and show an error message if the user enters something invalid. But if you are doing that, errors may be shown too early, as you will see. Therefore, alternatively, you could validate whenever the user is done typing into an input field and that field loses focus. But in that case, as you will see, one potential problem can be that errors may be showing up for too long. You could also simply validate upon form submission, but depending on your app's requirements and the user experience you wanna offer, in that case, you may be showing error messages too late. And therefore we'll explore these different approaches, and we'll also explore how we can combine them so that you can then thereafter at the end of this section make the best choice for your app and your users and also implement that solution you wanna go for.