So let's get started dealing with forms. And for that I'm in the login JSX file, which is responsible for displaying this form here on the screen, this login form. And I will start by exploring how we can handle the submission of this form and how we can extract those different values. And there are a couple of possible approaches I wanna walk you through, so that you can use the approach you want to use in your application. By the way, you might notice in this form that on this label element here, we got a special prop named "htmlFor." This is the react equivalent to the for attribute, which you would set in native HTML. So if this were not JSX here. But just as you need class name for adding CSS classes, you need htmlFor instead of just using for, because both class and for are reserved names in JavaScript, and therefore are, in the end, not set as prop names here. So that's just something to also be aware of. So to handle form submission, we in the end wanna listen to this login button being clicked. This reset button should later reset the form, and we'll also explore how to do that, but it's the login button I wanna focus on first so that we can actually deal with the submission of the form. So to do that, in this login component function, we could add a new function, which could be called handleSubmission or handleSubmit. The name of course is up to you. And we could bind this function as a value to the onClick prop of this login button, so that whenever this button is pressed, this handleSubmit function is called. And now in here, we could then deal with the data that was entered by the user. But in order to do that, we of course also must get that data. Before we do that though, I wanna check whether this function is called as intended, and therefore I'll simply console log submitted here. A simple console log message. And if we now save everything and go back and open the developer tools and I click log in. Huh, we see something strange. When I click log in, you briefly see the word "submitted" flash here on the right, but then it disappears. And why is that happening? Well, this console log here basically gets emptied and refreshed whenever the page reloads. So it seems that the page is reloading after clicking login. And indeed that is what's happening. And you can tell by watching this refresh icon here. If I click login, you see it briefly turns to a cross after I clicked this button here. In addition, you'll also see that this strange part here was added at the end of my URL, these query parameters here. And this is all happening because I am having a button here inside of a form element. And the default browser behavior for buttons in form elements is that those buttons will submit the form, and technically that means that an HTTP request is created and is sent to the server that's serving the website. This is the default built-in behavior. And this is the default behavior because in many non-React apps, you indeed have a full stack application where every page is rendered by the server and sent to the client thereafter, and where form submissions, therefore, should be sent back to the server so that they can be handled there. And that's what's happening here as well. If you go to the network tab and you clear this, you'll see that if I click login here, the whole page is reloaded. And you'll see this request here, which was indeed generated and sent automatically by the browser. And this is an important default behavior you must understand. Buttons, like this login button, but also at the moment the reset button, in form elements will generate requests and send those requests to the server that's serving the site. But in this case here, for this React application, that's a problem, and it will be a problem in many React applications you're building unless you are using some full stack React solution like Next JS, which we will explore in a separate course section. And even there, this automatic behavior might be a problem. Because here, the server that's serving this React website on this address is actually a pure development server. It's not prepared to handle this form submission. We have no code on that server that would deal with that submission. And even if you would deploy this React application on some real server that serves it to real users on the internet, that would be a server that only aims to serve this index HTML file and all these JavaScript files, and it still wouldn't be a server that is prepared to handle incoming form requests. So therefore, this default behavior here is a problem. So how can we prevent the default behavior of this button submitting the form? One way of preventing it is to add the type attribute and prop to this button here and set this to button. If you set the type to button on a button in a form, that button will not submit the form, because the default type is the submit type, which you could also set, but which you don't have to set because, well, as mentioned, it is the default. But if you set this to button, you'll notice that now if you save that and reload, if I click login here, now this log message stays here, the page is not getting reloaded, because now we kind of made this button work in a different way. We make sure that this button is no longer submitting the form. So that's one way of doing it. But another way, a more elegant way, which will also later help us with extracting the entered values, is to keep the type to submit by not setting any type at all, for example, and to remove this onClick listener here, and to instead add the onSubmit event handler prop here to the form element. Because the form here will actually trigger a submit event to which you can listen and react whenever it is submitted by one of its buttons being pressed. So it's now here where we want to trigger handleSubmit. And I'm doing this here, because now we'll automatically get an event object. I mean, we get such an event object for every event that's being triggered for click events, just like for change events or the submit event. But this event object, which we do get for this submit event here, now has a special method which we can call, the preventDefault method. And this method does what the name implies, it prevents the default browser behavior, which would be to generate and send this HTTP request. And that is indeed therefore a pattern which you will see in many React applications, that you listen to the submit event of a form, and that then you start by calling event preventDefault before then adding your actual JavaScript and React event handling logic thereafter. Though, I will say that React also offers you yet another way of handling form submissions, at least if you are using at least React version 19. In older versions, that other way will not exist. But if you're using React 19 or higher, then you can also handle form submissions with a feature called Form Actions. Now we'll take a closer look at that feature in the next course section. We'll take an in-depth look at it there, because in this section we'll use that other approach, where we use the onSubmit prop and handle the submission manually with that submit event handler. Because this is a pattern and an approach which you'll see in many React projects out there. Also, because that other approach, this form actions approach, which we'll explore in the next section, will not work with older react versions. This approach here will work in older versions as well. So that's what we'll focus on in this section. And therefore now with this approach, if you save that and reload, if we click login, you also see that submitted stays here and that the page is not getting reloaded. And that's therefore the approach you typically use in React apps to handle the submission of a form. So that was a lot of talk about handling form submission, but it is crucial to understand why we're handling it like this. But now that we're handling it, the next step typically, of course, is to get hold of the values entered by the user so that we can, for example, validate them, something we'll do later, but also so that we can package them up in our own HTTP request, which we might wanna send to our own backend. Because of course, it's not uncommon for React apps to also send HTTP requests, but often such requests are sent to standalone backends by writing the code for sending those requests on your own, just as you learned it in the data fetching course section.