Now extracting values with help of useState is one way of handling user input. I'll now copy that login component and paste it in here and just name the file state login so that we'll keep that code where we use useState for tracking the input in this file so that I can go back to the login JSX file and clear that state code from there. I'll keep handle submit but I'll clear the state code and the change handling functions here. I'll also get rid of on change and the value props here on those input elements because that was just one possible way of handling user input. Another way would be to use refs. And, of course, you also learned about this approach before in the course. You could set up an email ref here and a password ref. So two refs like this, and then connect those ref values to those input fields by adding the special ref prop which can be set on all HTML elements. So which is supported by React on all elements. And you'll learn more about refs in the dedicated refs course section, of course. So here we can set ref like this and we can set ref here to email for this email input field. So, to this first ref here, and for the password field, we, of course, set it to password. Now by setting the ref prop here, connection will be established between this DOM element, so this input element here and this ref. And you can use this connection, for example, here, in handle submit. You can use it to get the entered email by simply accessing email.current because you always need to access the current property on your ref objects because it's this current property which will hold the actual connected value. So the input object value here in case of email and password. And then since the value will be this input DOM element object that is being stored here, you can access a value property on that object because every input DOM element object will have such a value property. And you can repeat this approach for the entered password and get that by accessing password.current.value. And now you can also use these values and output the entered email and the entered password like this. And if you do this and you save that and reload, if I again enter an email and a password and I click log in, I get those values here. And that's there for another way of getting hold of those values and of course, the advantage of using this approach is that it typically requires less code than when using state. After all, we did not have to add any change handling functions or add the on change or value props to the input elements. All we had to do is create those refs, connect them with the ref prop, and then extract the values like this. The downside of this approach is that resetting those values in a clean way is a bit harder because you are actually discouraged to use refs for manipulating the DOM. So resetting them like this would work but is actually not recommended or at least something you should use with care. And, of course, you'll still end up with quite a lot of refs if you have a more complex form and you'll have to set up and connect all those refs manually step by step, which can become quite some work if you are dealing with multiple input elements.