So let's explore another solution for extracting user input values which can be a bit more convenient to work with when dealing with more complex forms. So now to explore a more complex form and how we can handle the submission of such a form and the extraction of values from such a form, attached to this lecture, you'll find a Signup.jsx file which you can simply add to your components folder, and in the App component you can and should now import this Signup component from components Signup.jsx, and you can replace this Login component here with that Signup component and you can get rid of the Login import therefore, and with that you should see this more complex form on the screen. Now handling the submission of such a form works in the same way as it did for a simpler form. You can add a handleSubmit function and connect this to the onSubmit prop like this. And then here you'll get this event object and you want to call event.preventDefault to make sure that this automatically generated HTTP request is not being sent. But it's now the extraction of all those entered values in all those input fields that can be a bit tricky, because you can of course use state and revs but setting up and handling all those different state values or all those different revs can of course be a lot of work. And that's why you should also at least consider using a native built-in feature for getting hold of all those values because it turns out that the browser actually helps you with handling that form submission and getting hold of all the entered values. It helps you by allowing you to create a special kind of object based on a special kind of constructor function that's built into the browser, the FormData constructor function. This is built into the browser, not provided by me or React, and FormData is an object that makes it easy to get hold of the different values entered into a form. For that you just need to pass that form as an input to FormData, and you can do that by simply passing event.target to FormData because the target of this submit event is that form, because it is that form that was submitted. So therefore as a result you'll get back a FormData object that will in the end give you access to the data that was added to all the inputs in that form. Now for this to work all those inputs for which you wanna extract values must have that name prop set on them though. So all your input fields, even if they're not input fields, but select fields for example, must have that name attribute, that name prop. You'll find that on all the input fields and you need that for FormData to work and to give you access to the entered values because now you can use this FormData object to call one of the built-in methods, for example the get method to extract the value for a specific name. So for example, here I could get the value for the input field that has the name email which would be this input field here. So calling get on this form data object would give me the entered email address and I could then extract and use it. Now we could repeat that for all the input fields, so for example also for the password to get the entered password, but we therefore of course would end up with quite a lot of code here. Therefore, a common pattern or trick that's often used to quickly get hold of all the entered values and group them together into an object is to use the built-in Object class, which is also provided by the browser, and call the fromEntries static method on that class and pass the FormData object to it. To be precise, pass the result of calling the entries method on that FormData object to object fromEntries. This might look a bit weird, but in the end, calling entries on the FormData object will give us kind of an array of all the input fields and their values and calling Object from entries on that array then will simply give us an object where we have key value pairs for all our input fields. So if I console log data here and I submit this form by clicking Sign up, you'll see I get an object where I have different key value pairs one for every input I have in this form. So for my first name, last name, email, password and so on. Though once taking a closer look here you might notice that one input field is missing here in this object, and that would be this How did you find us input, which is actually a group of inputs. This how did you find us area in the end is a group of check boxes, which all have the same name because in the end here I want to get an array of all the checked values, so all the values of the boxes that have been checked by the user, and such multi value input fields are lost when using entries and fromEntries. But you can thankfully easily get them back by manually extracting and storing them. So here I can get my acquisitionChannel by using FormData getAll, which is the method you want to use if you want to get multiple values from one input field, which you, for example need if you have multiple check boxes that all have the same name and you want to get the values of all check boxes then you can use getAll with the name that's set up on the checkbox elements, so in this case acquisition, and you pass that to getAll and that's it. Now we also have the acquisition channel and we could merge it into this data object by adding a new property to it which could be called acquisition, and which is equal to acquisitionChannel, which will be an array of all the values selected by this acquisition input. And therefore, now if I console log data thereafter, after adding the acquisition property with all those selected values and we save this, if I reload this and maybe select two values here if I click Sign up, you'll see that now we have this acquisition property here and it is an array of all the selected input fields. And therefore, as you can see using FormData is a relatively straightforward and in the end, simple way of quickly getting all the values entered by the user, which of course can therefore save you a lot of time and it's therefore definitely is an approach you might want to consider using for handling the form submission and getting the values entered by the user. But as a next step we will now explore how we can also validate the user input and which different strategies we could use there.