So now that we learned about different strategies for getting the user input the next step typically of course is to also validate that input to make sure that it's correct and we got all the data we need. But before we'll actually dive into that part in the next lecture. I briefly want to explore how we can reset such a form. Now for that, on that form, we for example got that Reset button. And indeed, if I enter some value into my form here into any input fields of my choice and I then click on this Reset button. The form indeed is reset and those inputs are cleared. And that's happening because in that form on that reset button, the type attribute is set to reset. And that's one of the built-in types we can use. We got button, submit and reset, submit is the default. And of course, well submits the form, button is a value we explored before. It allows this button to act as a button that does not submit the form, and that also doesn't do anything else. And the last value reset, therefore is the value you wanna choose. If you have a button in a form that should reset that form. So that's one way of resetting it. Another way is to programmatically reset it. Now for that, if you are managing the input with state. You can of course simply reset those state values. For example, here in that state login component we worked on before, we could set the entered values state to that same object we used as an initial state value. Where email and password both have empty strings as values. And since those values are then set as values on those inputs, those state values would be reflected there. So that's how you can reset input values when managing those values via state. Now, when getting the entered values with refs you can reset the inputs by manually setting the value property of the connected input elements to empty strings. But this is a solution you should use with care because typically you should leave it up to React to update the DOM. And you should not imperatively perform updates or changes as we're doing it here. It might be just a small update but it is an update to the DOM and therefore not really recommended. Instead here when working with refs it's typically better to reset the form as you also can do it when using that foreign data approach for extracting the values. Because in that handleSubmit function we're getting this event object. And as I already mentioned before the target of that event is the underlying form element. And it turns out that this form element has a reset method which you can call. Which is essentially the same thing this button does if you set the type to reset as I'm doing it here. So calling reset on event target is another way of clearing that form. And yes, if we're honest this is also some imperative code again, but at least it's less code to write then resetting all those ref values manually by setting them back to empty strings step by step. That's why you should prefer this event target reset code over manually resetting all the ref values. And with that, we now, for example can make sure that if we submit the form here we also reset that when clicking Sign up. Thanks to calling reset here. Now here, I actually don't wanna reset the form, but of course it is important to know how you could do it and now you know and therefore now we're ready to dive into validation.