[Maximilian So now that we have a good idea of how we can extract data when a form is submitted, let's explore form validation and input validation next. And when it comes to input validation, as mentioned before in this section, you get a couple of different options. For example, you can validate on every keystroke so whenever the user types into an input field. To show you how this could work I'll go back to the StateLogin form here. So to the Login form that uses state, because if we wanna react to every keystroke and validate the value on every keystroke, we of course need to listen to all changes that are made to an input, and that is what we're doing here when using state and the handleInputChange function. When using refs or when using the built-in FormData approach for extracting data, we of course only have the data once the form is submitted and not on every keystroke. So if you want to have keystroke validation we need that stateful approach here. Therefore, I'll go to App.jsx and get rid of the Signup form import and instead import the Login form again from the components folder and there from the StateLogin.jsx file, because I want to have that stateful version of that login form. And then of course the login form should also be output here in the JSX code. Now, back in StateLogin.jsx, we can now validate the email input on every keystroke, for example, by adding a computed value to this component. So that whenever the component function is executed again, for example, because the email input changed, we calculate a new value. That value could be called emailIsInvalid, for example, and we might wanna store true or false in here, which we can then use down here in our form to update the look of this form or to output an error message. And we can set this emailIsInvalid constant here based on this email state value which we're managing. So here we could say that emailIsInvalid, should be true if the entered email does not include an at symbol. For this we can use the includes method, which is supported on every string, and check if email does not include an at symbol by adding an exclamation mark in front of this expression. So with that, we're checking if the entered email does not include the at symbol, in that case, emailIsInvalid, would be true. Now that we got this information, we can update the UI and therefore below the email input field I'll add a new div, which I'll give a class name of control-error, which is a CSS class I prepared in advance in that index.css file which is already part of the starting project. And here I wanna output an error message if the email is invalid, so if this is true. Therefore down here we can output emailIsInvalid and then output a paragraph if that is true where I output some error message of my choice, like for example Please enter a valid email address, like this. If you now save that, you'll see that if you reload this page, we got this error message here and this error message goes away as soon as I add an at symbol, so as soon as I have a valid email address again. But if I then invalidate this by removing the at symbol, the error message appears again. So that's how we can validate on every keystroke. But of course this approach isn't perfect at the moment because this error message is now showing up right from the start, and that might not be the behavior you want. Because you might want to at least give the user a chance of entering a correct value before you start showing error messages like this one. Therefore, we might wanna make sure that emailIsInvalid is only set to true if the user did start entering a value. And to make sure that this is the case, we could check if enteredValues.email is not equal to an empty string and it includes an at symbol. So if it is equal to an empty string, this will be false. It will not be marked as invalid because it's still that's starting value that we're seeing and therefore we don't wanna set this to true yet. Therefore, with this change made, if we reload the error message is gone, but it appears as soon as I start typing until I do enter a valid value. But this solution also has two problems, for example, one problem is that if I did enter a valid email address, but I then erase it I'm not showing an error message here because we are checking whether the email field is an empty string in which case we will never set email is invalid to true. Another problem which we'll face here is of course that yes, we don't see an error message initially but we do see one as soon as the user starts typing. And of course, at this point of time, the user also didn't really have a chance of entering a valid value. So as mentioned before on the slide we're showing the error message too early and that's why we'll next explore validating on lost focus and how that could be a valid approach.