So here in this example, we added some validation to validate on keystroke combined with focus-based validation. So when we lose focus, and we are providing a decent user experience here I'd argue. Still, this is not the only way of adding validation. If we switch back from the StateLogin version of the login form to the ref-based login form, we can also explore another way of validating user input. For that, I'll tweak this import in the App component to import the login form from the Login.jsx file. And in that file, I'm using refs. Now, since I'm using refs, I can't really validate on every keystroke. I would have to set up separate event listeners for that. And if we would do that, we could also just start managing the input values via state. So if I wanna stick to refs, I can basically only validate the input when the user submits the form. And indeed, that is a valid and also quite popular strategy as well. You don't have to validate whenever the user types. Instead here in the Login component function, in the handleSubmit function here, we could simply determine whether the email is invalid, for example, by adding the emailIsInvalid constant and then here when the form is submitted, performing our check, which here again is that we check if we don't have an @ symbol in that email with the includes method like this and the exclamation mark in the beginning. Now we, of course, want to reflect this error here in our form, and we can do this with some extra state because we need to update the UI if we find out that an invalid form has been submitted. And we do that with state as you learned. So we must import the useState hook. And then with that, we can manage some state here. And that could be the formIsInvalid state if we wanna show some general error message that affects the entire form. Or of course, the emailIsInvalid state and setEmailIsInvalid. And initially, that's false, but we might wanna update this once we determined that the emailIsInvalid. Now here I have a name clash because I'm using emailIsInvalid twice and therefore, to work around that, I'll simply rename this here to emailIsValid and remove this exclamation mark to perform the opposite check. And then here I can check if not emailIsValid, which of course means that it's invalid. And in that case, I can call setEmailIsInvalid and update this state by setting this to true. We also might want to return here in this if statement because we might want to make sure that no other code thereafter gets executed. For example, if we would be sending an HTTP request with the entered data, we might wanna prevent that from happening if invalid data has been entered. And by returning here, we make sure that this code won't execute. So with that, I'm now validating the input when the form is submitted and we can now use this state, which is only updated in that case if invalid data has been submitted. We can use this state to again show an error message here. And for that, I'll again add my div here with a class name of control-error and then check if emailIsInvalid. And if that's the case, I wanna output my error message. Please enter a valid email address like this. With that, if we go back, I don't get any error no matter what I'm doing with that email field here. But if I click log in, I now get my error message. And this error message now also doesn't disappear until I submit the form again and I do so with a valid email address. And even then here at the moment, it doesn't disappear, though you can tell by this console log here that we made it past this if check and we did have a valid email address. If I wanted to update the UI in that case, we could, of course, do that by simply setting emailIsInvalid to false here after we make it past this check and we know that we have a valid email address. By doing this, we make sure that if we submit a valid form, the error message here goes away. And that's how we can check the validity of the provided values when the form is submitted. And in the end, it's up to you to decide which approach you wanna use and which user experience you wanna provide to your users. Validating on submission definitely takes a bit less code than validating on every keystroke and combining that with the focus state of the input element. But you, of course, are able to give the user a more direct feedback if you are using this keystroke focus-based approach. Nonetheless, validating upon submission is, of course, also totally fine and can be the experience you wanna provide to your users. And it's also worth noting that you often might want to add submission-based validation even if you are already validating on keystroke and blur. Because otherwise, if we switch back to this StateLogin form for a second where I am performing my validation on keystroke and upon blurring the inputs, if you only rely on that validation, you got a nice user experience as the user is interacting with those inputs. But you have a problem if the user simply clicks the submit button because in that case, as you see here in the console, the invalid data is handled here inside of handleSubmit. So if the user simply ignores your hints and submits the invalid form, you might have a problem. That's why it's always a good idea to also add validation here in this handleSubmit function. I'm not going to do it here to save you some time because we did already do it here in the Login.jsx file. And I'm also going to switch back to that file. But it is definitely something you should keep in mind. Adding submission-based validation is always a good idea even if you are already validating the user input on every keystroke. And in the next lecture, I'll show you an even easier way of validating inputs upon form submission.