So you can validate inputs upon form submission by adding your own code like this but you can make your life even easier. And for that I'll switch back to the signup component where we have this more complex form. And of course here we could also listen to keystrokes and focus and do all these things. But we of course would have to write a lot of code and we could also handle the form upon submission as we're doing it here in this login form in the last lecture. But we can also make our life even easier. For that, I'll first start by importing this signup component from Components signup JSX here. And then I'll use it here in the JSX code. And now to validate all these inputs, when the form is submitted, we can take an even easier route and not write any custom code at all for the moment, and instead use some built-in attributes, some built-in Props provided by the browser, not by React but by the browser, which you can add to those input HTML elements. For example, the required Prop. And the required Prop is just one of multiple built-in Props and attributes, which you can set on input elements to let the browser validate the user's input. You can learn more about this if you, for example, search for HTML form validation because you'll then find an article on MDN where you can learn more about form validation and where you can also learn about these built-in attributes and Props, which you can add to your form control elements to control which kind of validation will be performed by the browser. For example, if you add required, the browser will not allow this input field to be empty if it's submitted. In addition, it will then also take the type of the input field into account. And for example here, when the type is email, not allow values that are not email addresses. So if I save this with a required add to this email and I reload this form, if I try to sign up like this I get this error message that this must be filled out. If I do enter some value here, which is now not a valid email address I also get an error also provided by the browser, not by me, not by React where it also tells me that this is an invalid email address that I should add and @ here. And if I do that, now I can submit this. And that's of course, therefore an even easier way of adding validation because we don't have to write any code on our own, we just have to add these attributes. And I can also add that here to the password. And on the password field we could now of course also add the minLength Prop to set this minLength validation attribute which just like required is a built-in one. And this allows us to define a minimum expected length of the entered value, for example to make sure that the entered password must be at least six characters long. And of course we can add that to all these inputs here. And also add required here, and also add that to a select. You are not restricted to just input elements. Instead, all form control elements, including selects support these special Props and attributes. So we can do this here as well. I don't wanna do it on these inputs because these check boxes are indeed optional. So I won't add required here, but I will add it on my terms of use checkbox here like this. And with that all done, now if I submit this I get an error message for every input that's invalid. So I also get it for the password now and if I enter a too short password I also get an error regarding this, as you can tell. And therefore, with that, we are forced to enter values in all these input fields or we get an error message otherwise.