So using the browser and the built-in validation attributes can be a great way of adding validation, and indeed would be my recommendation for many use cases also, because it doesn't require any extra React or JavaScript logic from your side. But you can of course still add such logic if you want to run some extra checks beyond the default checks. For example, here in the signup form I might wanna make sure that the value entered in this confirm-password field matches the value entered into this input field. And there is no built-in attribute like matches or anything like that that would easily allow us to add this kind of check. But of course, just because we're using these built-in attributes here does not mean that we can't add our own logic and combine that with that built-in logic here. For example, here, we could add some extra state to this component to output an error if the passwords are not equal and have a setPasswordsAreNotEqual state updating function. And initially this could be false. And then here, of course, when the form is submitted before console logging the data, we could check if data.password, since I'm using password as a name here on this input, is not equal to data. And then here it's the confirm-password prop. And since it includes a dash, I must access it with this notation using these square brackets because the dot notation would not work here because this dash is an invalid character. That's why I'm using the square bracket notation here. And I'm accessing the property confirmed-password here because that's the name I assigned here to this confirm password input. So now with that, I'm checking for the quality of these two entered values and if they're not equal I can return to not execute any further code and make sure that this code doesn't get executed, therefore. And I can use this newly added state and set PasswordsAreNotEqual to true. So with that, I am blending my own validation logic into this built-in logic. And now we can use PasswordsAreNotEqual to show an error message if that's the case. For that, below this input here, this confirm-password input, I can add another div with that class name of control-error and then here check if passwords are not equal, in which case I'll output an error message where I'll say passwords must match. With that, if I save this and I reload, I still get the standard checks performed by the browser. But if I now fill out the form but I am having different passwords here, and of course here I have a little error, that should also be of type=password here in my code, it should already be fixed in the code I provided to you so that the input is hidden. But either way, if I enter a totally different value here and I then fill out the rest of the form, you will, of course, see that now if I click sign up, we still don't get the log here but instead we get this error because of the custom logic which we now also added to this form. And that is, of course, something you can do and that's why I'm showing this here. You are not limited to the built-in validation features just because you're also using those, but you can instead also add your own custom validation logic to this form.