So now that you learned about different ways of handling forms submission and extracting user input values and of validating those values, I wanna conclude this section by exploring some techniques of writing more reusable and easier to manage code. And for that, I'm back here in the StateLogin.jsx file because it's in this component here where I do have the most complex user input management. I'm keeping track of all the entered values upon every keystroke with state and I'm performing validation on every keystroke and whenever input fields lose focus. And of course, that's not too bad in this component here, but keep in mind that here, we also have a relatively basic form, with only two inputs. And given that fact, we do indeed have quite some code here. And as you can also see here, we also have quite a bit of code repetition here, because in the end, we have the same logic for both the email and the password field. And we have the same JSX code down here, just with some tiny details that are different. For example, a different input type, a different input name, and so on, but the same general structure. And of course, whenever you have situations like this where you have some kind of duplicate JSX code here in this example, you could consider building a custom component. And that is indeed what I'll do here, therefore. In the components folder, I'll add input.jsx file to build a custom input component which should in the end wrap this code so that we can reuse this code easily, this JSX code here. So for that, in the input.jsx file, I'll export a new function called Input, and that function should return this JSX code here in the end. So this div with that label, the input, and the error area below it, I'll output this here. But of course, we now have a lot of parts in this code that should be configurable from outside that should not be hard coded in this component. For example, the label text, but also the type, the identifier, and so on. And therefore, we can start accepting and destructuring some props here. For example, a label prop, which then can be used here instead of email. But we also might want to get a name prop, which we can use as a value for name here. Though we actually won't need this because instead, we can simply gather all other extra props that might be set here on input and simply spread those onto the input field. So that type and name can simply be set by setting type and name on our own input component. And we then just forward these props to the input element we're wrapping. That being said, there still are some props which I wanna accept and destructure explicitly, like this label prop, but also like the id prop, which could also be set and forwarded with that props object that gathers all remaining props, but which I wanna pull out explicitly here since I don't just wanna set it on the input here but also on the label as a value for HTML 4. In addition, things can of course go wrong, and therefore, I also want to get an error prop here, which I use to show an error message. So I'm using it to find out whether an error message should be shown and I expect it to that error message if we should show one, so that I'm using it both for this conditional check and as a value that then being output. Now when it comes to onBlur, onChange, and the value prop here, we can get rid of the value prop and set that through the remaining props that are spread onto this element anyways. And I can do the same here for onBlur and onChange to make this input as reusable as possible. And with that, we got some pretty lean code here. And back in StateLogin.jsx, we can now use this input element here directly in this control-row div in this case, by, first of all, importing it from the input.jsx file, and by then using it here and setting some props. For example, the label prop here should be set to email. So to this text which I wanna output because we'll soon remove this div here, The id prop should be set to email, the type prop should be set to email, and the name should also be set to email. And type and name are, for example, props that will be set on the input element inside of the input component with help of these forwarded props I'm not explicitly pulling out type and name here. Instead, I'm just gathering and spreading remaining props, and that's how type and name will end up on that wrapped input in my own input component. Now, I will also forward onBlur, onChange, and value, and therefore, copy those props from down here. And with that, we can get rid of that div down here. And therefore, we were able to get rid of a bunch of JSX code by using this custom component. And we can now reuse that component to all the output and input for the password, where the label is password, the id is password, the type is password, and the name is password, like this. And for onBlur, onChange, and value, I can again copy the code from down there, though here I don't even have an onBlur listener yet, which I'll change now though. So here I'll now call handleInputBlur and blur the password input, just as I'm also doing it for the email here. And with that, we can also get rid of this div and we now simplified this form by using our own custom component here. Now I removed one div closing tag too much, so let me re add this. And with that, the JSX code just got leaner. And if we save that and go to the app component to import this login component from /components/StateLogin, you will see that it will work Just as before. The only remaining thing we have to do for this to work back in StateLogin.jsx is, of course, to find out whether those inputs are valid or not, which we're already doing here with emailIsInvalid, but which I will now also do with passwordIsInvalid. And here, I can simply check if didEdit.password and enteredValues.password once we trim it to remove excess white space maybe has a length that is shorter than six characters, so it's too short. And with those booleans added here, we can simply use them to set an error message on our inputs. Because keep in mind that on this input component, I'm also expecting this error prop here. And therefore, we must set this prop if there is an error. So here for the email input, I'll set this to emailIsInvalid. And if that's the case, I'll pass a string as a value for the error prop. Like, "Please enter a valid email." And we can repeat this step here for the password input and check if passwordIsInvalid, and say, "Please enter a valid password." And with that, if you save that, I got the same behavior as before where I got this validation on every keystroke, and when I lose focus, also if the password is too short. And hence, we replicated the result from before, but now with that reusable input component.