Now, reusing code and simplifying code doesn't stop at the custom component level because adding such a custom input component can definitely help, but it's not the only code that could be outsourced because what about this validation logic here, for example? Obviously these are rather basic checks here, but still this is logic which we might need in different places of the app. For example, if we would add all validation manually instead of using browser based in features, we would also have to check the password and the email in the signup component. And therefore, you might want to make that validation logic code reusable as well. And for that, in this starting project, I actually already created a util folder which contains a validation.js file with some example validation functions that you can consider using in your own projects. And, of course, you can also enhance them for those projects, but which we most importantly can also use now in this project here. For example, isEmail to define this check for whether something is an email or not once in this project and then use it as often and anywhere I need it. For example, in StateLogin.jsx, I can now import from this util folder and their validation.js and I can import the isEmail, isNotEmpty, and hasMinLength validation functions defined there. And we could say that the email is invalid if it is not an email. And for that, I have to pass my email value to isEmail. And if it is not, not empty, so if it is empty. That's how we could enhance this validation by outsourcing and reusing the validation logic. And we can do the same for the password here. I can check whether we did edit the password and then if it has a min length and hasMinLength, then once the value which should be checked, and as a second argument, the minLength we wanna have. And therefore here, I can pass my password as a first value and then let's say six if I require at least six characters as a second value. And then here we need an exclamation mark because here I wanna check for invalidity, so if this condition is not met because then the password is invalid. And with that, we got this validation code out of this component. And therefore again, we got the same behavior as before, but now again achieved by outsourcing and reusing logic.