So now that we built a first custom component, it's important to fully understand how that component's content ended up on the website and our screen. So as a first step, let's go to the website and let's inspect the source code of that website. If you do that, you'll note that you don't find the header or any other website content in that source code. No image, no titles, nothing. It just contains some metadata and at least one JavaScript import, one JavaScript file that's being loaded. But this loaded JavaScript file, the index.jsx file in the end here in my case, is the key because the code that is loaded and executed here is, in the end, the transformed React code you wrote. Remember I mentioned that the code you write wouldn't work like this in the browser, hence, it's transformed. And it also shouldn't be too surprising that we see the index.jsx file being loaded here in the actual website source code because that's also what we see here in our project, in the index.html file. And in the end, it is this index.html file that's being served to the website visitors. Now, as you learned before, this index.jsx file does import something from the App.jsx file. It imports the App component to be precise because it's that App component that's being exported in that App.jsx file. By the way, this export keyword and this import keyword and this entire import-export feature is a regular JavaScript feature. It's not React-specific. So it's this App component function that's being imported into the index.jsx file. And in this file, it's being used as JSX code here. Now as you can see, we have no React component here though. This JSX code is not getting returned by some function. Instead, it's getting used as a value, as an argument for some other method that's being called here, the render method. And indeed, as a React developer, you will almost exclusively use JSX code inside of component functions. What we see here in the index.jsx file is the one important exception because this file, this index.jsx file, acts as the main entry point of our React app since it is the first file to be loaded by the HTML file. And it's in this place where the React app boots up, you could say. To be precise, it's this special React DOM library, which in the end belongs to the overall React library from which we're importing here which ultimately renders this App component. So, which is responsible for outputting the App component's content on the screen, you could say. And this App component is rendered by passing JSX code to this render method. This render method, however, is being called on an object that's created with another method, the createRoot method. This method takes an existing HTML element as an input, so an element that's not being created by React but that instead is part of the index.html file already. In this case, that would be this div here with the id root, since that's what we're selecting here with getElementById, that's what's getting passed to this createRoot method. And then with that element selected and set as a root for the React project, React goes ahead and injects a React component, the App component in this case, into this element, you could say. It renders this component and all its contents, including any nested components it may contain and their content into this div. That's what this render method does. And that's why if you open the developer tools and there the elements tab, you see more than just the initial HTML structure. Instead, you see all the elements that are indeed visible on the screen and you see that they are inside of that div here with the id root. So the header and the main section, which is in the end simply the content defined in the App component and our custom Header component are inside of that div with the id root. So the createRoot and render methods are responsible for rendering a single root component, the App component in this case, which then in turn may contain as many nested components as needed. And those nested components, it may include like this Header component in this case, could then contain even more child components. And with that, ultimately you end up with a component hierarchy, which is often called a tree of components, a structure of components, which is then rendered to the screen via React. But what's important to understand about this tree of components and components in general is that your custom components are not showing up in the actual rendered DOM though. There you only find default HTML elements, for example, here, the header with the lowercase h, which is the built-in header element, not our custom component, which had an uppercase H. We also don't see the App component in here. So your tree of components is, in the end, just analyzed by React. And React then combines all the JSX code from all those components to generate the overall DOM, the elements that are showing up on the screen. But as a developer, you have the convenience of working with those individual building blocks instead of a single potentially huge file that contains all the markup. And you can now also see why your component function names must start with an uppercase character. All built-in elements like div, image, or header start with lowercase characters. Custom components on the other hand, so components built by you or other developers must start with an uppercase character to tell React that it's not a built-in component. So that's how React tells custom components apart from built-in components. This does not just prevent potential name clashes, like for example here where header with a lowercase h, would clash with the builtin header. But it also changes how React handles a component. Built-in components like header, image, div, and so on are rendered as DOM nodes by React. On the other hand, custom components like our Header here are just functions and are therefore executed as functions by React. And it then just takes a look at them, takes the returned value, the returned JSX code, and starts analyzing that code until it ends up with only built-in elements at a certain point of time, which are then rendered to the screen. And that's how React works, how it uses those components, and how it ultimately renders them onto the screen.