So now that we know how we can output dynamic data, let's go back to components and what we can do with those. Because one of the main advantages of components is that they are reusable, we can, for example, use this header component as often as we want. And if we do that we, of course, see multiple headers on this page. But, of course, here for the header component, reusing it is possible but doesn't really make a lot of sense, of course, and that's also quite normal. You will also often build components which might be reusable in theory, but indeed are only meant to be used once. But it's also quite common to have components that should be reused multiple times. For example, here, these core concept items, here we might wanna build one single core concept component which can then be reused four times for these four different key concepts, but every time we're using it, it should be used with different data. Just as you can define a normal JavaScript function once and then use it multiple times, thanks to this concept of working with parameters. So just as you can build and reuse JavaScript functions with different data, we also might want to build and reuse certain React Components with different input data. And that's why React offers another crucial concept that's related to components called props. And this props concept is all about being able to pass data into components, and to then use that data in there. And for that here in our project, for the moment still in this app.jsx file, though that will change soon, we can add a new component function, maybe a component function called CoreConcept since it should be about outputting core concept data. And then here I want to output a list item where I have an image with a source and an alt tag, where I have an h3 tag with some title and a paragraph with some description. And, of course, the goal is to not just have this title and description placeholder, but to instead have actual data that's different every time this core concept component gets used. So now with that component defined here we can go to the app component, and here in the main area I'll add a new section with an idea of core concepts, and I'm only adding that for styling purposes here because in this index.ccs file there is a core concepts ID selector. So make sure you get this ID right to get the same styling as I have it. And then I'll move to h2 tag in here and maybe give it a text of Core Concepts, and below that add an unordered list; and now my goal is to use this newly added core concept component here in this unordered list. And the goal, of course, is to use that multiple times, but every time I'm using it I wanna pass in different data. And thanks to this props concept, that's super easy to do. you can simply add custom attributes to your custom components, and since these are your components it's also entirely up to you which attributes you wanna set on those components, so those attribute names are also entirely up to you. And here I'll start by adding a title attribute, and I'll set it equal to a value of components here for this first usage of core concept. And I'll add a description attribute, let's say, though, in React we actually call that a prop because that concept of configuring components is called props. And for this description prop here we could say the core UI building block, for example. And last but not least, we can add an image here, and here I actually wanna set this to a dynamic value because I want to import that image, just as I showed it to you in the last lectures. So here we can now import the components image from ./assets/component.png, and with that import added we can use components image, this variable here in the end, and use that as a value for this image prop written like this now. And that's also important, you can really pass all kinds of values as values for your props. You can pass strings, as I'm doing this here, but you can also pass numbers like the number two if you needed that, you can pass in objects or arrays, really whatever you need. Here I'm passing this data, and with that data being passed to this component function we now just have to accept and use it there. Now in normal JavaScript functions you would simply add one or more parameters to accept input values and to then use these input values. When working with React component functions it's pretty much the same, but you only accept one parameter which typically is called props, though, since it's your component function you could name it anything you want. But since the overall React concept is called props, this is the name that's typically chosen for this parameter. Now this props parameter will be set by React because it's React that will execute this function. Remember, you're not calling these component functions yourself in your code, instead you're using them as html elements, And under the hood React will call the actual functions. Therefore, React will pass a value for this props parameter to this function when it calls it, and the value that will be passed for this parameter to this function by React will be an object, and it will be an object that has all these key value pairs. So all your custom attributes as keys and the values for these attributes as values grouped into it. So one object with these key value pairs, that's what you'll get here for this props parameter. And, therefore, in the component function you can simply access props.image, for example, to get hold of the value that's set on this image key. And if you used a different key here, maybe img written like this, you would have to use the same key up there. So the key you set down there is the key you also have to access up there in the component when you want to use a prop value. Now here I'll go back to image written as a full word, and I can of course now also set a value for alt, for example, to props.title, to use this title as an alt value, and also use props title here for the actual title that will be shown, and props.description here. That's how you can use those values that are set here. And with that, if you save everything, you will see this first element with its content showing up on the screen, and you can now use that same component in different places with different data. For example, here, I could set the title to props on this second core concept item here, and with that I would see props here. And, of course, we can now also set the image, description, and so on, also for the other items here. But that's this props concept, and we'll continue working with that concept and finish the other items in the next lecture.