Now, to finish the other items here attached, you find a new file, a data.js file which you should download and add next to this App.jsx file or you create a new file and simply copy in the content of the attached data.js file. And in that file, you simply find an array with a bunch of objects where every object simply is one core concept that should be output here. That's why in every object, you have an image, a title, and a description. And the images are simply imported from the assets folder. So with that file added here in App.jsx, we can and should, of course, import CORE CONCEPTS and you should import it like this with curly braces around CORE CONCEPTS from data.js. with curly braces around CORE CONCEPTS from data.js. Since CORE CONCEPTS in data.js is a named export and when having such named exports, not default exports, in JavaScript, you import with curly braces around the name of the thing you are importing. And with that being imported here, we can use CORE CONCEPTS to dynamically set the title and so on. We can access the first item in this CORE CONCEPTS array which is this object here, and then access its title, description, and so on. So here we can then set title to CORE CONCEPTS[0].title. Do the same here for the description. And then also, of course, down here for the image, set this to .image, which also means that, of course, now we can get rid of this separate componentsImg import here. So with that, we're using CORE CONCEPTS. And now, we can replicate this three times and just replace the index zero with index one, and then index two, and then index three. And with that, we are using the same component with different input data which is now set dynamically depending on the index of the item we're accessing. And with that, if you save that, you should see these Core Concepts on the screen now. And the great thing here, of course, is that we're now seeing all these items even though we just have one component. But thanks to props, this component is reusable. But what you can, of course, see down here in the code is that we do have to write quite a lot of code to make this work. Not horrible, but also not optimal. Now, thankfully, we can use a shortcut here. If you have a situation like this here where your prop names are similar to the property names of the object that contains the data you wanna set, you can set the data like this, but you can also instead get rid of all these props and add opening and closing curly braces just like this directly on the component. So not as an attribute value, but just like this. Put onto the component tag. And then there, you can use the spread operator that's built-in to JavaScript to pull out all the key value pairs of an object. So in this case, the first object in this CORE CONCEPTS array. And by using this syntax, these key value pairs in this object will be added as key value pairs so as props to this component. So this code here will give us the same result as this code, but it is, of course, much shorter. Though here, of course, we want to use the index one. But with that, we got a shorter alternative which we can use on all components. And I'm just keeping the longer alternative here so that you can also still see this. And also, because it's, of course, absolutely fine to use this alternative, but you also might wanna go for this shorter alternative instead. And speaking of shorter alternatives, there also is an alternative inside of this component function. Here, we're accessing the different props with props.title, props.description and so on. And this, also, is absolutely fine and works. As you can see, if you saved this, we still see the same result as before. But you can also use another JavaScript feature here in the parameter list. You can use object destructuring by adding opening and closing curly braces here. And these opening and closing curly braces have nothing to do with these opening and closing curly braces down here. They have nothing to do with that. Instead here, when used in this parameter list, these opening and closing curly braces here are used to destructure the first parameter of this function, so the props parameter in this case. And object destructuring in JavaScript simply means that we can target the different properties of the incoming object by name. So here, we have to use the same properties as we're setting here as props. So title, description, image. Also, here in this object, image, title, description, we have to use these exact same words here between those curly braces. But when doing so, JavaScript will then go ahead and give us these three properties as standalone variables in this function here. And therefore, now we can output the image by just pointing at image, the title by just using title, and the description by just using description. Hence allowing us to write less code here. And you can use this object destructuring syntax here with that longer or that shorter props version here. It does not matter. It is up to you. If you save this, you therefore now still see the same result as before, but now, also, with less code in this component.