So now that we did learn about some key React concepts most importantly about Components and Props, before we dive deeper into React and have a look at more React concepts, I wanna restructure this code because at the moment, all our Components, the Header component the CoreConcept component, and the App component, all these Components are in the same single file. They are all in this App.jsx file. And of course, technically this works, but it's not recommended to have them all in the same file because as your React project grows and as you add more and more Components, this file would grow. And working on those Components and finding the different Components would get harder and harder the more Components you have in that file. Therefore, you typically store different Components in different files. And having multiple Components in the same file is a very rare exception, which you typically only go for if two Components are super closely related and really only work with each other. So if you have a component that really can't be used anywhere else in the application, not even theoretically. So here, of course, every component can at least in theory be used standalone and therefore here, I'll create new files for the CoreConcept and the Header component. And you typically do that in a separate Components subfolder which you add in the SRC folder. Technically, this is not required, but it's a common choice and very common pattern. And then in that Components folder, you would create your component code files. And here the convention is to give those files the same name as the component name of the component that will be stored in that file. So if I wanna store that Header component in a file, I would name the file Header and then add the .jsx extension since I'll have some JSX code in there. With that, we can then grab this Header component function from the App.jsx file, and cut it and add it in this Header.jsx file. And since in that component function, I also refer to the ReactDescriptions array and this genRandomInt function. I'll also cut and paste these two things to this Header.jsx file like this. With that, we outsourced this component function into its own separate file. Now we just have to make sure that we can still use it in the App.jsx file because that is still where I do want to use it. And to make this component function here usable in another file, we have to export it. And that can be done in JavaScript with the export keyword. And now we can either export it as a named export like this or as the default export like this by adding the default keyword as well. And in most React projects, it's this default export approach that's being used, but ultimately, it is up to you, of course. Now with this export statement added here, we then have to go back to the App.jsx file. And there we have to add an import to use that Header component here. We can then name it Header here as well. It's important that it does start with that capital character. And then we can import from ./components, diving into that Components folder seen relative from that App.jsx file. And then they're pointed Header.jsx, like this. With this import added, this Header component can still be used in the JSX code of the App component. We just also have to cut and paste the React image import over to the Header.jsx file because we're using this React image there in the JSX code of that Header component. Though here, we then also have to adjust the path because we're now in a file, the Header.jsx file, which is inside of a nested folder in the source folder. So if we want to target a file that's in the assets folder, this path won't work anymore because we now, first of all, have to go up one level out of the Components folder directly into the source folder before we can dive back into the assets folder and look for the image. And therefore, here in this import path in the Header.jsx file, we have to go up one level with ../ and then we're in the source folder and we can dive into the assets folder and then look for the image there. And with this path adjusted and all files saved, if you go back, you should see the same result as before. But now we got the Header component in its own separate file. And we can and should now do the same for the CoreConcept component. For that in the Components folder, we can add the CoreConcept.jsx file, and then grab this CoreConcept function here, cut it, and added here in this CoreConcept.jsx file. And we don't need to add anything else except for the export statement. Again, using this default export syntax so that in App.jsx, we can then also import CoreConcept from ./components CoreConcept.jsx. So that this CoreConcept component is still available in this App.jsx file. And with that, if we save this, this also still works, but now every component is in its own file, and therefore, we are using a common best practice.