Are you excited about the new challenge? I know you are super excited about the challenges and you are always ready to face challenges. Now is the time to discuss a new challenge inside this new section. So let's try to understand what is this challenge about? As part of this Challenge7, we are going to talk about how to make our microservices to be resilient. What is the meaning of resiliency or resilient? The meaning of resiliency is something is capable of withstanding the tough times and bouncing back. We as a humankind, we face the challengetimes like Covid. We all together face the challenge and we bounced back right now to a normal life. Very similarly, we should also make our microservices resilient in nature so that they can withstand tough times like network problem or any performance issues. So these kind of challenges my microservices, they can face on day to day basis. So to understand more about these resiliency in microservices, first we need to question ourselves few questions. The very first question I want to ask you here is, how do we avoid cascading failures inside our microservices network? We all know that inside a microservice network, when my client application or my application sending a request to the Microservice network, many microservices they will work together and they will send a combined response to the client application in such scenarios, how we are going to handle a scenario where one of the service is failing or responding very slowly. So how do we make sure that it is not having a ripple effect on the other microservices? For example, previously we saw a scenario where a client application, they can invoke one of the REST API available inside the accounts microservice, my accounts microservice is going to work together with the loans and cards microservice. Once the response from loans and cards microservice is received, the total response will be aggregated at the account microservice and the same will be sent back to the client. So in these kind of scenarios, think like loans or cards, microservice is failing or they are responding very slowly. If one of the service is failing or working very slowly, all the dependent services like Accounts Gateway Server, they will keep waiting for the response and it will eventually have a ripple effect on other microservices which will consume all the threads and memory inside these dependent microservices. So we need to make sure that the entire chain of microservices does not fail if one of the participating microservice is failing or is responding very slowly. So this is the very first problem that we need to think about. Coming to the next question, how do we handle failures gracefully with the fallbacks? In the same example where multiple microservices work together to send a response to the client application, how we are going to build a fallback mechanism if one of the microservice is not working. If my cards microservice is not working properly, at least I should be able to send the accounts and loans information to my client application instead of sending a exception saying that we are not able to send any kind of information. So these kind of scenarios will be very common inside your microservices. That's why we should always have a fallback mechanism. Like if one of the participating microservice is not able to respond successfully, we should have some fallback mechanism that will return a default value or return a value from the cache, or try to invoke other service or try to fetch the details from another database. So the fallback mechanism can be anything, but at least you should make sure there is some fallback mechanism. So that you are not failing the entire request that is coming from the client applications. Moving on to the next question, how we are going to make our services self-healing capable? For example, if one of the participating microservice inside a microservice network is responding very slowly due to some performance issues or due to some network issues, how we are going to make our services self-healing capable, maybe due to some network issue or maybe due to a temporary glitch inside my microservice. It is responding very slowly or it may not be responding at all. So how we can configure some timeouts and retries and give some time for the failed service to recover itself. Maybe if I try to retry multiple times, like three times or four times, my service may start working and I may get a successful response. Or very similarly, instead of waiting for a large amount of time for my microservice to give a response, if I can timeout within a very short period of time, that will release some memory or threads inside the microservice where we are having a problem. So with a quick timeouts we can give some time to the failed service to recover itself. So there are many strategies on how we can make our services self-healing capable. So we're going to discuss them in this section. So these are the challenges or the problems or the questions that we may face while we are trying to build our microservices. Now, let me give you a quick introduction about the solution. We need to follow to overcome this challenge. The solution is inside microservices there are many patterns to building resilient applications. Long back inside the Java ecosystem. We used to have a library called Hystrix, so this is a library developed by Netflix team itself, and it used to be widely used for implementing resiliency patterns inside any web application or inside microservices. However historic entered maintenance mode in 2018, and it is no longer being actively developed. With that reason, people started looking for a new library to address this issue. A new library came into picture with the name Resiliency4j. So this gained a significant popularity in a short period of time, which helped the developers by filling the gap left by the historic library. Inside this Resiliency4j library, it provides lot many resilient related patterns which we can choose based upon our business requirements. Let me give you a quick introduction about resiliency4j. . Resiliency4j is a lightweight fault tolerance library designed especially for functional programming. That doesn't mean non functional programs cannot use this library. This resiliency4j library offers many patterns to make our applications or microservices to be fault, tolerant and resilient in nature. If you ask me what are these patterns? So these are the patterns with the name like circuit breaker, fallback, retry, rate limit, bulkhead. So I have given a very quick summary or introduction about these patterns in which scenarios we need to use them. Don't try to read them right now. You may not understand about these patterns by reading this quick summary. We are going to focus on these patterns in detail throughout this section. Then it is going to make sense for you about these patterns and under which scenarios we need to use these patterns. We can also quickly check website of resiliency4j. This is the website of resiliency4j. I'm also going to mention this website inside the GitHub repo page. If you see here, there is a quick introduction Resiliency4j is a fault tolerance library for Java based applications. It is a lightweight fault tolerance library inspired by Netflix historic but designed for functional programming. If you try to scroll on this page, there is a section about core modules. Let me click on this view more and this core modules there are many patterns available like circuit breaker, bulkhead, rate limiter, retry, time limiter, cache, so there are many patterns available. I'm going to discuss most commonly used patterns inside this section, but I'm just trying to share this information to you so that in future you have any questions or if you want to understand a pattern which we have not discussed inside this course, you can always come to this website and try to refer the official documentation available here. Inside this website you can also find the information related to spring reactor projects and spring Boot two and three version based projects. If you can click on this getting started, it will help you what are the libraries you need to add inside your spring boot web application? We are using Spring Boot two version or spring boot three version. Very similarly, this resiliency4j also supports Micronaut framework. If you are familiar with Micronaut framework, you can also leverage this resiliency4j library inside your project. We can also have information about Spring Cloud, how to leverage this resiliency4j. If you are a web application or if your microservice is built based upon the spring cloud. I hope you are super clear about this quick introduction about the challenges that we are going to solve throughout this section. If something is not clear, don't worry, we are going to talk in detail about all these patterns and we are going to leverage resiliency4j inside our microservices to resolve these problems or challenges that right now you are seeing on the slide. Thank you, I'm super excited to discuss about this topic. I'm assuming you're also super excited. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.