In the previous lecture, I gave a very quick introduction about resiliency inside microservices. Now, inside this lecture, let me give a typical scenario that we may face inside microservices, so that you will better understand what is fault tolerance and why we should make our microservices resilient to the problems that we may face on day to day basis. Like you can see here, we have Edge Server or API gateway that accepts the external traffic from the clients. If you recall, inside our microservices network, we have an REST API available inside the accounts microservice with the path fetchCustomerDetails. Whenever someone is trying to invoke this API, they are expecting the complete details of the customer. Like what are the customer details, what are his loans and cards details. For the same, initially my gateway server at the edge server. It is going to forward the request to the accounts microservice. My accounts microservice will have details about only accounts and customer, but it will not have details around loans and cards. microservice. That's why it is going to depend on other microservices like loans and cards microservice to fetch the respective information. Once it fetch the information from other microservice, it is going to aggregate or collate all the response and send the complete information to the edge server from Edge Server. It will reach to the client applications. So this is a typical scenario. Now think like in this scenario, one of the microservice which is participating inside this flow is not working properly. Or maybe it is trying to handle too many requests. That's why it is trying to respond very slowly. So the problem can be anything. So let's try to understand what will happen due to this issue. Here I just highlighted or assumed that cards microservice has some issues. That's why you can see there is a warning symbol on top of the cards microservice. When my accounts microservice invoke cards microservice to get the cards details for a particular customer, it is not going to get the response in an expected time frame. Maybe it is taking too long or my cards microservice is never responding. Assume like in a typical successful scenario, your accounts microservice will receive the response from the cards microservice within less than a second. But in this scenario, since cards microservice is not working properly or it is responding very slowly. Maybe it took around 10s or even after 10s it is not responding. So these 10s inside my accounts microservice, there will be a thread which will wait for my cards microservice response or there might be some resources like memory CPU usage allocated inside my accounts microservice to invoke the cards microservice. So here my accounts microservice waited for more than 10s which means for a single request If you are making your accounts microservice to wait for more than 10s, and if the same thing happens for all the remaining requests coming from the external clients, you can imagine due to cards microservice performance issues, it is going to have a ripple effect on accounts microservice. Now since accounts microservice is waiting for a long time for cards response. Without my accounts, microservice is also going to respond slowly to the edge server. Now the ripple effect went to Edge server as well, so the edge server will keep keep waiting and with that there will be too many threads, there will be too many resources being consumed on the edge server as well. So this will also impact the performance of your edge server. And with that, all the traffic coming towards your edge server from external client applications not only for fetchCustomerDetails for other APIs also is going to get impacted. So this is a proper or typical or most common scenario that may happen inside your microservices. You can see one microservice, which is having a problem, is creating ripple effects throughout your microservice network. So this is what we need to avoid with the help of resiliency patterns. So let's try to understand how to overcome this challenge. So to handle these kind of scenarios only we can use one of the resiliency pattern which is secured breaker pattern. I hope you are clear about this typical scenario, and I know you may have questions like how secure Breaker is going to handle this scenario. I'm going to explain you that from the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.