Inside this lecture, let me give a quick introduction about what is the circuit breaker pattern and how it is going to help us in stopping the cascading failures inside our microservice network. Before I try to explain about the circuit breaker pattern inside microservices, first let me give a quick introduction about Circuit Breaker that we use as part of electrical system. We all use many circuit breakers inside our house or office. So what is the purpose of this circuit breaker? It is a safety device designed to protect the electrical circuit from excessive current or any potential fire hazards. Whenever a circuit breaker detects that there is a fault in the flow of the electricity may be due to the short circuit or overload of the electricity in such scenarios to ensure the safety and the stability of your house or the office, it is going to automatically open or it is going to automatically trip itself. So there won't be any electricity passing towards the components that you use inside your house or office. You can see here we also have one sample representation Since the circuit breaker is open now, my electric components like bulb, it is going to get protected because there is a short circuit or there is a overload detected by the circuit breaker. So with this, my bulb is not going to get affected. Think of a scenario if the circuit breaker is not there, the overloaded current at the short circuit is going to travel to the bulb inside my electric system and eventually my bulb is going to get damaged. The same concept is considered in building the circuit breaker pattern inside the software development. Let's try to understand how this is relevant to the circuit breaker pattern inside software development, just like inside electrical system, how the electricity is going to pass throughout the network. Very similarly, in a distributed environment, the calls to the remote resources and services is going to happen, and these remote calls may fail due to many reasons, maybe due to some transient faults or due to some slow network or maybe due to some timeout or maybe due to resources being overcommitted or maybe due to temporarily unavailable. The reason can be anything but. But most of the times these faults typically correct themselves after a short period of time. Maybe if one of the microservice is responding very slowly, it is not going to be in such state forever. At some point of time it is going to recover itself. Or if you take the network problem itself, the network problem is going to be a temporary problem. It is not going to be a permanent problem. So since these kind of issues are going to get resolved for after a short period of time, we need to be ready to face these kind of temporary issues inside our microservices network. So let's try to understand how the circuit breaker pattern is going to help in these kind of scenarios. The circuit breaker pattern, which is inspired from the electrical circuit breaker itself, it is going to monitor all the remote calls happening to a particular service. If a particular service like micro service, if it is taking too long to respond or if it is not responding or if it is having some network issues, the circuit breaker is going to kill that call. And at the same time, since it is monitoring all the calls that are going to the courts, microservice and if the majority of the calls are failing due to the slow response or due to some network issue, the circuit breaker implementation will pop up and it will make sure all the future requests coming to the courts microservice are failing immediately, which means it will never allow the traffic to the courts. Microservice Instead it is going to tell to the client applications my cards, microservice is not working. That's why I am sending the failure response immediately. With that, my dependent microservices like accounts microservice and gateway server. They don't have to wait for a longer time. So by failing fast we are preventing the ripple effect on the gateway server and the accounts microservice. With this approach, we are also making sure other rest APIs inside our microservices are not affected just because courts microservice is down. Maybe there are some microservices or rest APIs where only accounts and loans microservices they have to work together. All such remote calls will be successful because there is no ripple effect happened on my accounts. Microservice with the help of this circuit breaker pattern. So here you may have a very good question, which is I said my circuit breaker pattern is going to stop all the future requests coming towards the courts. Microservice And it is going to immediate failure response to the client microservices like accounts microservice will this going to be forever? Of course not. At some point of time your courts microservice is going to get recovered because your circuit breaker pattern stopped all the incoming. Traffic and gave enough time for your car's microservice to recover. That's why periodically the circuit breaker pattern also sends some partial traffic to the car's microservice to check if my car's microservice is recovered or not. If this partial traffic, which is allowed by the circuit breaker is successful, then my circuit breaker pattern is going to allow all the incoming requests towards the car's microservice. Whereas if this partial traffic, which it allowed previously is also failing, then again, it is going to stop all the incoming requests for few more seconds or few more minutes based upon our configurations. I'll show you this in demo inside our microservices. Then it is going to be super, super clear for you. So there are very good amount of advantages due to this circuit breaker pattern. The primary advantages are it is going to fail your request very fastly instead of your accounts. Microservice waiting for more than 10s and realize that my car's microservice is not working. It is going to fail the incoming request to the cards microservice instantly with that my accounts microservice never have to wait for 10s instead. Now it is going to get the error response within a one second or even within a second. And the next advantage that we have with the circuit breaker pattern is we can make our microservices fail gracefully. Maybe whenever my car's microservice is down or responding very slowly, I can write some fallback mechanism which will fail the request gracefully. I'll explain how to write a fallback mechanism with the help of Circuit Breaker in the coming lectures. And the last primary advantage that we have is the circuit breaker is going to help microservices to recover seamlessly because it is going to give them some rest for a short period of time, like 30s or 90s. Based upon your configurations within the 30s or 90s, your microservices will try to recover because there is no incoming traffic. And if there is some network problem within 30 or 90s, most of the time the network problems will also get resolved. So this is a very quick introduction about circuit breaker pattern. In the next lecture, let me try to explain you how this is all going to happen. Inside circuit breaker pattern with the help of a sample flow. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.