Inside this lecture, let me try to explain how circuit breaker pattern is going to control the traffic coming towards a particular microservice. By default circuit breaker pattern is not going to monitor all your microservices. We need to configure this circuit breaker pattern wherever we need. Think like you have configured this circuit breaker pattern for one of the microservice. Whenever we activate the circuit breaker pattern on any microservice, it is going to control the flow of traffic towards the microservice by using three different states. The very first state is closed state. Initially, when the application starts by default, your circuit breaker will be in this closed state. Inside this closed status, it is going to accept all the requests coming towards your particular microservice. You can also try to correlate this with the circuit breaker present inside the electric system. Inside the electric system, whenever the circuit is closed, that means all the current is going to be passed to the next components. Very similarly inside microservices, when the circuit breaker pattern is in the closed status, it means it is going to allow all the traffic towards a microservice. With this closed status, your circuit breaker pattern is going to monitor all the requests coming towards your microservices and it will try to understand whether the microservice is responding properly or if there are any network issue or there are any slow response from the microservice. So based upon these monitoring and analysis, if my circuit breaker identifies that most of the requests coming to the microservices are being failed, then it is going to immediately jump to the open status. How it is going to transition from close to open status is based upon the failure rate threshold that you have defined. Maybe you might have configured saying that if 50% of my traffic that is coming towards my microservice is failing, then please move to the open status. So based upon these configurations, if the circuit breaker identifies that 50% of the traffic is failed, then immediately it is going to jump from the close to the open status. Whenever the circuit breaker is in open status, that means it is not going to send any request to the actual microservice. Instead, it is going to fail immediately and send the error response to the invoking microservices at the client applications. This way it will make sure there is no ripple effect on the invoking microservices due to the issues in a particular microservice. And do you think this open status will be forever? Off course not. Keeping the circuit breaker open forever means we are never going to allow that traffic towards a particular microservice. So what behind the scenes will happen is my circuit breaker pattern will wait in the open status based upon your configurations. Maybe if you have configured for 90s up to 90s, the circuit breaker pattern will be in open status and it will give 90s time for my actual microservice to recover from the failures or from the network issues. After 90s, my circuit breaker pattern will move into the half open status. Inside this half open status the circuit breaker will allow only few requests based upon your configurations. Maybe it will allow 10 requests or 20 requests, and inside these ten are 20 requests. Again, if at least 50% of the requests are failing, then it will again jump back to the open status and it will wait again for 90s. So this cycle, from open to half open, half open to open will continuously happen periodically. At some point of time when my circuit breaker realizes that majority of the traffic or the requests are being processed successfully, then it will move from half open status to closed status. And with that my microservice, where I have configured, secured breaker pattern will continue to work normally. This sounds very complicated to achieve, but believe me, this is going to be super, super easy to configure secure breaker pattern inside microservices because we have friends like Resiliency4j and Springboard Framework. With the help of this libraries and frameworks, we can easily configure circuit breaker pattern. So let's try to implement this secure breaker pattern from the next lecture inside our microservices. But before coming to the next lecture, please make sure you are clear about the circuit breaker pattern and the three states that we have inside this pattern. Please try to rewatch the video or please refer to this slide. If if something is not clear. You can also read these information inside the official documentation of resiliency4j. . I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.