As of now, we understand what is a circuit breaker pattern. Now let's try to implement this pattern inside our microservices so that it will be more clear for you when we see this circuit breaker pattern in action. To get started with the resiliency related changes, since we are into a new section, I'm going to create a new folder inside my workspace location. For the same, first, I'm going to copy the code of section 9  and paste it inside the same location. Now I'm going to rename this folder to section_10, because inside this folder only we are going to make all the changes related to resiliency. So let me remove these .idea related folder so that I can open this section_10 inside my IntelliJ idea. Here I'm going to click on this open button. After that I'll go to the storage, workspaces, microservices. Under Micro Services we have the folder which is section_10. I'm going to select that and click on this open button. This will open all the Maven projects inside section_10. Once all these projects are loaded into your workspace, you can do a clean build and enable annotation processing for Lombok Library. With this now we can get started with the changes related to resiliency4j. Inside resiliency4j changes first, we are trying to discuss about the circuit breaker pattern. I'm going to implement circuit breaker pattern at two different places. One is at the Gateway server and the other one is inside the individual microservices like accounts microservice. This way I'm going to show you different approaches on how we can implement these circuit breaker pattern inside our microservices applications. Inside this lecture, first, let's try to understand how to implement circuit breaker pattern inside the Gateway server. Because as of now, Gateway Server is acting as an edge server inside our microservice network. That's why in your real projects there might be some business scenario or there might be some requirements from your clients saying that they want you to implement circuit breaker pattern at the Edge server itself. So let's try to understand how to implement the same. For the same, first I need to open the pom.xml of Gateway server. Inside this pom.xml just after these dependency which is related to Netflix Eureka Client I'm going to copy the same dependency again, but here I'm going to change this artifact ID, the artifact ID that we need to add whenever we are trying to leverage circuit breaker pattern inside Gateway Server is Spring cloud starter. After the starter we need to mention circuit breaker and after the circuit breaker it should be reactor-resiliency4j. Since Edge server, our gateway server built based upon spring react to model, we need to make sure we are mentioning the artifact ID as spring cloud starter circuitbreaker-reactor- resilience4j. So let me load the maven changes. Once we add this dependency as a next step, we can go to the Spring Boot main class, which is Gateway server application. Here you can see we have done all routing related configurations. As of now we are trying to use filters like rewrite path and add response header. Very similarly, I'm going to leverage one of the inbuilt provided filter by the spring Cloud gateway, and this filter is none other than circuit breaker. So if you try to invoke the circuit breaker filter, it is going to accept some lambda based configurations. So let me create a lambda expression inside this lambda expression using the same config variable. I'm going to first invoke the method which is setname. So using the set name method, we are going to assign a name to our circuit breaker because inside your application you may have any number of circuit breaker configurations related to various REST APIs are related to various microservices. Here you can see we are trying to define the circuit breaker configurations. Whenever someone is trying to invoke this specific path which is related to accounts microservice. So the name that we can give here is accountCircuitBreaker. Since we are trying to make the changes inside accounts, microservice related configurations, this name is going to be super apt, but there is no restriction that we need to use this name only we can use any name. With this we have successfully created a circuit breaker for accounts microservice related paths. As a next step, I need to provide some properties inside my application.yml. So let me go to the application.yml. Here towards the end I'm going to mention the circuit breaker related configurations, so let me copy few properties here so that we can discuss in detail. You can also get these properties from the GitHub repo location. So here I'm trying to paste few properties. You can see the route element is resiliency4j.circuitbreaker. Under these we need to mention the element name configs followed by default and sliding window size. here I have mentioned the sliding window size as 10. What is the purpose of this property? Using this property, we are communicating to the circuit breaker pattern on how many requests it has to initially monitor before it tries to change the status from close to open. In other words, with this property, I'm telling to my circuit breaker pattern, please at least monitor 10 requests coming towards my accounts microservice. After monitoring ten requests, you can take the decision whether to continue with the close status or to move to the open status. The next property I have mentioned here is, permitted number of calls in half open status. Like we are discussing previously. Once my circuit breaker pattern moved into open status, it will never be in open status forever. Periodically it is going to move to the half open state and it is going to allow certain amount of traffic to the accounts microservice and since circuit breaker pattern cannot decide how many requests it has to pass, we need to provide such information using this property. So here I have mentioned value2 this means I want my secure breaker pattern to allow to request in the half open status. Based upon how these two requests are processed, it can decide whether to go back to the open state or move to the closed state, and the next property is failure rate threshold. Here I have mentioned 50, 50 means 50%. With this what I'm trying to communicate here is, if at least 50% of my requests are failed, then my circuit breaker pattern can move to the open state from the closed state. And the last property we have here is wait duration in open state. So here I have mentioned 10,000, which indicates 10,000 milliseconds. So with this configuration, my circuit breaker pattern, it is going to wait 10s whenever it tries to move to the half open state and allow the partial traffic. I hope these are clear. You can see we have mentioned default. That means these properties are applicable for all kind of circuit breakers that you are going to create inside your microservice. But in case if you want to go with different, different properties for different, different circuit breakers, then you need to use this circuit breaker name, which is accountCircuitBreaker and mention the same in the place of default. This way we can also mention these properties specific to a circuit breaker pattern. After making these properties, we should be good. We can see these in action. So let me save these changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, we can start the microservices. Like first I'll try to start the config server because all our microservices are dependent on the config server. After config server I'm going to start the Eureka server since all our individual microservices and gateway server they need to register with the Eureka server. We need to make sure Eureka server is started before the individual microservices. Next, I'm going to start accounts microservice using the main class inside this project with the name AccountsApplication. So this will start accounts microservice in few seconds. Next, I'm not going to start cards and loans microservice because I'm going to show you the demo of circuit breaker pattern with accounts microservice alone. Even inside the Gateway server application, we have made the circuit breaker related changes only for accounts microservice. If needed you can also make these changes for other microservices as well. After accounts microservice started successfully. I need to start my gateway server so that we can start invoking our accounts microservice APIs. Now let me go to the browser. Here inside the browser first, I'm going to validate Eureka Dashboard. Inside Eureka Dashboard you can see both accounts and Gateway Server are registered successfully. As a next step, I'm going to open the actuator path of my gateway server at the port 8072/actuator. You can see these are all the URLs supported by my actuator. Here if you search for circuit breakers, you will get lot many URLs so you can open these actuator/ circuitBreakers URL. As of now you can see secured breakers are empty. Now when we start testing the accounts microservice with the help of Gateway server, all the circuit breaker related information is going to populate inside this page. Now, in order to test these changes, let's go to the postman. Inside the Postman under the Gateway Server. I have created a new request with the name easybank/ accounts/api/contact-info. So whenever we try to invoke these contact-info available inside the accounts microservice we know it is going to return the contact details to whom we can reach out when there is an issue with the accounts microservice. You can see here inside the response we got the message, contact details and on call support details. Now let me go to the browser. If I try to refresh this page, you can see as of now I'm able to see the details related to the accountsCircuitBreaker. This is the same name that we have configured inside the Gateway server. As of now, the status of the circuitbreaker is closed. That's why the overall state it is showing as closed and the failure rate and slow call rate is -1, which means there are no requests that are failed or  processed with a slow call rate. That's why you can see failed calls there are zero and slow calls is also zero. So there is some information about the circuit breaker. If you have multiple circuit breakers defined inside your application, you can obviously see all of them inside this path. Now, we can also try to understand the events that are happening behind the scenes under the circuit breaker. For the same, you can open this path which is actuator/circuit breaker events and what is your secure breaker name? So let me click on this URL. You can see as of now it is showing empty because the URL is wrong. The correct URL is localhost:8072/actuator/circuitbreakerevents. After the secure breaker events, we need to give a question mark followed by query param name to this query param name we need to pass what is the secure breaker name? So the name that we have given is accountCircuitBreaker. As soon as I open this, you can see as of now there is only one event happened because we only invoked one request inside the postman. And that request is success. If I try to invoke this two more times and go to this page and refresh you can see total three requests are there with the type as success. So this means your circuit breaker pattern is continuously monitoring all the invocations happening to your accounts microservice. Now we can also go to the other URL and try to refresh this. As of now you can see the buffered calls became three, and the overall state right now is still closed because there is no failure rate, there is no slow call rate. Now in order to see the demo of circuit Breaker Pattern, I'll go to the AccountsController. Inside my AccountsController I have written the implementation logic related to the contact-info API. So here we have the implementation code. Inside this method we are simply sending the object of accountsContactInfoDto. So what I'm going to do is just to mimic the pattern of slow response. I'm going to put a breakpoint here and I will never release this breakpoint. With that, always the request will come to this REST API, but it is not going to respond back to the gateway server  or to the client application. So with this breakpoint now let's try to understand how the circuit  breaker pattern is going to work. Inside my postman I'm trying to click the send button. The breakpoint stopped the execution, but I'm not going to release it. I'll go to the postman. You can see after some time my gateway throws an error, which is 504 gateway timeout. Now if I try to refresh this page, you can see both the requests that we sent, It failed with the type error and this is the error message. But right now my circuit  breaker pattern still will be in the closed status only because 50% of the calls never fail. You can see as of now failed calls is only one. To change my circuit breaker pattern from closed state, I need to send many requests to my contact-info and all of them will fail eventually my circuit breaker pattern will realize many of the requests are failing and I should move from close to open status. So let me click on the send button multiple times. So I'm trying to send this multiple times so that we'll get this error every time. Like Gateway, you can keep observing this error like status as 504 and error is gateway timeout. At some point of time, you can see the status change, which is 503 and the error right now is service unavailable. You can also see the message upstream service is temporarily unavailable. This error is being thrown by the circuit breaker pattern. We can also confirm the same by looking at the overall status. Now the overall status is open. We can refresh the other page here. If you can scroll down, we have many requests with the type as error. If you keep scrolling, you can see all these types error. At some point of time my circuit breaker realized the failure rate exceeded. That's why it is going to state the transition and the state transition is going to be close to open. That's why my circuit breaker pattern will move to the open status. Now, all the calls are not going to be permitted to my accounts microservice. What advantages we are getting with this not permitted. Now my gateway server is not going to waste its resources by invoking the accounts microservice my circuit breaker pattern which is sitting in the middle, always throwing an immediate error to the gateway server. The upstream service is not available with that, my gateway server resources and threads will not be blocked for a long time. Now we have waited for more than 10s. We can go to the postman and try to invoke a new request.. Here I'm trying to click on the send button. Please observe the status error message as of now, it is 503 service unavailable and upstream service is temporarily unavailable. If I try to click on the send button this time, you can see the actual invocation to the accounts microservice happened. That's why we are getting time out. And now I'll go to the actuator URLs . Here I will try to refresh this page. You can see right now it is in the half open status and if you can refresh the other page, at last you will be able to see the events where the state transition happened from open to half open and during the half open we sent only one request and it is also failed. Now I'll try to send the request multiple times and eventually my gateway server will go to the open status from the half open status. We can confirm the same by refreshing this page. You can see as of now the state is open. If I try to refresh these events page. Here also at last the state transition happened from half open to open and all the further requests are not permitted for the next 10s. So now we have seen the demo of open and half open to show you the demo that circuit  breaker is going to switch to the closed status if the majority of the request are being processed successfully, I can remove this breakpoint. And here inside the postman I'm going to click on the send button. With that you can see we are getting successful response. Now I can go to my actuator URLs here if I try to refresh this events page, you can see at some point of time the state transition happened from half open to closed because all the requests are being processed successfully. I can also check now the overall status and you can see the state is closed. This way the circuit breaker pattern is doing a lot of work behind the scenes to make our microservices fault tolerant and resilient. You saw the live demo that I'm saving my gateway server and opening too many threads and waiting for the response from the accounts microservice with the help of the circuit breaker pattern. I hope you are clear with what our discussions we have done inside this lecture. Let's continue the same inside the next lecture. Thank you, bye.