As of now, we have created a circuit breaker pattern inside the Gateway server, but it does not have any fallback mechanism. Since we don't have any fallback mechanism inside the response, we are throwing some runtime exception details like service are unavailable or gateway timeout exception. In real business applications throwing RuntimeExceptions to the client applications or to the UI applications is not a valid approach. That's why we need to have some fallback mechanism and inside this fallback mechanism we can write some logic where we can send some message to the client applications, which is going to make sense for them to create a fallback mechanism for circuit breaker pattern. It is going to be super easy inside our Gateway server application. First, we need to create a controller class. As of now, you can see we have this filters package. Very similarly, I'm going to create a new package inside my gateway server with the name controller and inside this controller I'm going to create a new controller class and the class name is going to be FallbackController. And inside this controller I'm going to mention @RestController annotation since we want to build some REST API to save some time here, I'm going to create a RSET API inside this controller by pasting some code. You can see I have created a method inside this controller class with the name contactSupport and this is going to support the path contact support and inside this method or inside this REST API, I'm simply returning an business error saying that an error occurred. Please try after some time or contact the support team. So this is a simple business logic that I have written as a fallback mechanism. In your real projects you may have some complex fallback requirements like triggering an email to the support team or sending some default response, so it is up to your client requirements and accordingly you can implement your own logic. As of now, I am trying to send a simple business error from my fallback REST API since we are trying to build a REST API inside the Gateway server which is implemented on top of spring reactive, we need to make sure we are wrapping the return String with the help of mono. And very similarly here also we need to use Mono.just() and to this just()  we need to pass what is a String that we want to send. Now we have the REST API that we want to invoke as a fallback mechanism. As a next step, we need to integrate this REST API into our circuit breaker pattern. For the same, let's go to the Gateway server application just after the set name. We can also invoke setFallbackUri(). And to this fallbackUri I'm going to send what is a fallback REST API URL details. So here I'm going to mention forward:/contactsupport. With this, I'm telling to my circuit breaker pattern. Whenever there is an exception happens, please invoke this fallback by forwarding the request to the contact support. With this we have some fallback mechanism. Let me save this changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, we can go to the postman and try to test these changes. First, I'll try to click on the send button. You'll get a happy response so everyone is happy. Inside the actuator you can see as of now the overall status is closed and if I try to refresh this page, there is one request received after my gateway server is restarted and the request is also processed successfully. Now I'll put a breakpoint inside my accounts controller and try to mimic the scenario of slow response from the accounts microservice. So here I'm trying to click on this send button and the request stopped at the breakpoint, but I'm not going to release it. I'll go to the postman inside my postman you can see I am getting the response from my fallback mechanism, which is an error occurred please try after some time or contact support team. With this my client applications will never know what is happening behind the scenes. They will never receive gateway timeout or they will never receive upstream. Service is not available. They'll always simply receive this message. So it is up to you what kind of fallback mechanism you want to write inside your fallback REST API. And this fallback will never get invoked if the request is being processed successfully. I can also show you that in the demo. So let me release this breakpoint and release the previous requests that I have. Now I'm going to click on the send button. You can see in the success scenario, the fallback is never coming into picture. With this, I'm assuming your super clear about how to implement circuit breaker pattern inside the gateway server. I also have a slide to summarize the steps that we have followed. Here inside this slide I have mentioned all the steps that we have followed for your reference so that in future you can always quickly refer to this slide to brush up your skills around the circuit breaker pattern. In the very first step, we have added the Maven dependency inside the pom.xml of Gateway Server. Later on we invoked the internal filter which is circuit breaker and using the circuit breaker we have defined a name to our pattern and we have also defined the fallback and at last inside the application.yml we have to mention these properties like you can see on the slide, the names like sliding window size, permitted number of calls in half open status, failure rate threshold and wait duration in open state. Now we are super, super clear about how to implement a circuit breaker pattern inside an edge server or inside a gateway server application. As a next step, let's try to understand how to implement the same gateway pattern inside individual microservices like accounts microservice. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.