In this lecture, let's try to implement circuit breaker pattern inside accounts microservice. Inside our accounts microservice. If you can recall, there is an REST API with the name fetchCustomerDetails. As part of this REST API. My accounts microservice is going to invoke cards, microservice and loans microservice. But if one of the dependent service like loans and cards microservice is responding very slowly or if they are completely down or there are some network issues. In such scenarios like we discussed previously, it is going to have a ripple effect on my accounts microservice and from my account microservice to Gateway server. That's why with the current code available inside the accounts microservice, it is going to create serious problems when one of the dependent microservice is down to overcome this problem, let's try to implement circuit breaker pattern inside our accounts microservice as well. Our accounts microservice is leveraging feign client to invoke loans and cards microservice. That's why we need to see if there is any integration between feign client and circuit breaker is available, which we can leverage with less efforts or less configurations inside accounts microservice. For the same inside the official website of spring.io, we can click on this Spring cloud project. Under this spring cloud project, we can look for Spring Cloud, open feign. So this is the project. So let me click on this and I'll click on this LEARN button and open the official documentation. Inside the official documentation, you will be able to see few sections related to Circuit Breaker. If you can scroll down here, there is an section explaining about Feign Spring Cloud Circuit breaker support. Let me click on that. You see there is a statement here. If Spring Cloud circuit breaker is on the classpath and if we mention spring.cloud.open. circuitBreaker.enabled is equal to true inside our application.yml. Feign will wrap all the methods with a circuit breaker. So this is super beauty. We don't have to make much changes whenever we are using feign client. So let me add these dependency related to spring cloud circuit breaker. After that I'll also enable this property inside my application.yml. For the same, I'm going to open the pom.xml present inside my accounts microservice. So let me open this file. And here just after the spring-cloud-starter-netflix-eureka-client, I'm going to mention a same dependency and change the artifactId details here. The artifact ID that we need to mention is, springcloud-starter-circuitBreaker- resiliency4j. Since we have not built accounts microservice based upon spring reactor, we should not use the first one. Instead we should use the third one. So with this we have successfully add these dependency. Let me load these changes with the help of the maven reload and post that I'm going to do a build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to open the application.yml present inside my accounts microservice. Inside my application.yml. I need to mention this property, so let me take this property and paste under the root element spring. So I'll scroll down and here I'm going to mention the property. As soon as I paste it, you will be able to see it is automatically converted into Yaml format. So first I need to remove the spring because I already have this root element at the top post that I'll bring the cloud to the correct location which is just under the spring element. If you can scroll down, as of now it is under the spring element, so the portion of the cloud is looking good and now I'll bring openfeign just under the cloud and post that, I'll also bring the circuit breaker under the openfeign followed by enabled. And at last I'm going to mention the value which is enabled colon as true with this we have activated circuit breaker for all the openfeign clients inside the accounts microservice. So let me save this changes. Apart from these changes, we should also mention other properties inside the application.yml, just like how we mentioned inside the gateway server. So let me copy all these values. We can mention the same values inside accounts microservice as well. Towards the end. Once I mention these properties I can save this file and do a build. Once the build is completed. Let's go to the official documentation. Here there is a lot of other information. If you are interested, you can read, but the information that I'm interested is Feign Spring Cloud CircuitBreaker Fallbacks. We need to define the fallback mechanism for our cards and loans microservice. What should happen when loans microservice is down. So that's why to mention the fallback there are some instructions given here. First, we need to make sure on top of the interfaces that we have created, we need to mention these fallback against this annotation feign client and to this fallback, we need to provide a fallback class. So the logic that you need to write inside this Fallback.class is first, you need to make sure you are implementing the same interface of your feign client and override the abstract methods that you have defined inside the interface. And when you override these methods, you can write your fallback logic, which means feign client along with the circuit breaker pattern, whenever there is an issue or whenever there is an exception while invoking the actual microservice like loans and cards, instead of throwing some RuntimeException, it is going to execute the logic that you have defined inside these fallback methods. So let's try to implement the same inside our accounts microservice. First, I'll go to the package where we have written our feign client interfaces. Under this service we have a package with the name client and the client we have two interfaces like CardsClient and LoansClient. Inside the same package I'm going to create two different classes. The very first one is LoansFallback. So this is the class that I want to create and this class is going to implement LoansFeignClient. On top of this class, I'm going to mention @Component annotation post that I'm going to override the methods available inside this interface. So let me click on this implement methods and override the methods you can see as of now my business logic is simply to return the null value from this fallback method. Instead of throwing a RuntimeException to the client applications or to the gateway server, I'm going to send the null information related to loans. And with this at least my client applications will receive accounts and cards microservice related information. And if you don't have this fallback mechanism, even if two microservices are working but loans is not working, the overall response is going to be a RuntimeException. So we're trying to avoid that with the help of this fallback mechanism and circuit breaker pattern. Let me try to create a similar fallback for loans microservice as well. So for the same, I'm going to copy the same class, but rename this to the new class name, which is CardsFallback under this CardsFallback, first, we need to implement CardsFeignClient. With that, we'll get an error. First, let me remove this override method and post that I'm going to hover on this class and click on this implement methods and confirm this okay button which will create a override method inside my CardsFallback . Here also, I'm going to return null whenever my cards microservice is having some issues, but in your real projects you can write your own business logic or maybe you want to send some values from the cache or maybe you want to read the details from a different database. So it is up to you. The complete power is right now with the developer. After defining these classes, we need to go to the Feign interfaces under the LoansFeignClient first I'm going to mention name parameter just before loans and post that I'm going to invoke a new parameter which is fallback and to this fallback we need to mention the class which is LoansFallback.class. So with this we should be good. We have implemented circuit breaker pattern along with the fallback for our loans microservice. Very similarly, let me go to the CardsFeignClient interface and here also I'm going to first mention the name parameter just before the cards name and post that fallback parameter. And to this we need to mention CardsFallback.class. So whenever there is an exception, we are executing a fallback mechanism which will return a null value. So let's go to the service layer and check if we need to perform any null checks. For the same, I'm going to open this CustomerServiceImpl. Here, whenever we are trying to invoke the LoansFeignClient, we are getting these entity from this entity. We are trying to invoke the get party. But with the new code that we have written, there are some scenarios where this can come as null, especially with the fallback code. So that's why we need to make sure we are putting some null check on top of this code. So here I'm trying to mention null not equal to LoansResponseEntity. If it is not null only then please execute this line of code. Very similarly, I want to mention for cards microservice as well. So let me copy these cards related code and paste it inside the if loop. And similarly I'm going to replace this object name. So with this we should be good. Let me save this changes and do a build. I hope you are clear with all the changes that we have done so far in the next lecture, let's try to see the complete demo of the changes that we have done so far. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.