Are you excited to see the demo? I know you are super excited. I'm also super excited. Let's see the demo and hope for the best that everything should work like we expect. So to get started behind the scenes, I have started all the microservices. Like first I have started the config server followed by Eureka server and post that accounts, cards and loans. And at last I also started Gateway server application. We can also confirm the same inside the Eureka dashboard. All the microservices, including Gateway Server is registered with the Eureka server. As a next step, I can open the actuator of accounts microservice because right now we are focusing on the circuit breaker that we have implemented inside the accounts microservice. The port number of accounts microservice is 8080. Here I'm going to invoke the path actuator. Here inside this page, you should be able to see some links related to circuit breakers. So let me open this Circuit Breakers link. As of now, you can see there are no circuit breakers because we didn't send our very first request. Only when we send the very first request, my circuit breakers will get activated and it will start monitoring all the requests coming towards the accounts microservice. Inside my postman, since we started our microservices just now, there won't be any data. First, I will try to create that data by invoking these create API and our accounts microservice and getting a successful response. Post that, similarly, I also created a cards data with the same mobile number. After this I'm going to create data of loans as well. With this we have set up all the required data. Now let me go to the fetchCustomerDetails. As of now, if I click on this send button, we'll get a successful response. So this is expected and this is the behavior of the happy path. Now let's go to the actuator and try to analyze the data. So I'm going to refresh this page. You can see there are two circuit breakers created behind the scenes, and the name of them have some pattern you can see first we have the interface name, which is cardFeignClient. And inside the interface we have a method. So the same method name is considered here fetchCardDetails followed by what is the data type of your method parameters like String and String. Very similarly for loansFeignClient also we have circuit backer pattern created. As of now you can see the circuit breaker status for both of them is closed and closed. Similarly, if I go and open the circuit breaker events path, it will list all the events of circuit breaker. So there are two circuit breakers inside our application. Both of them received a single request of type success. Now to show you the demo of negative scenario, I'm going to stop the loans microservice. So here I'm going to click on the stop button and select the Stop loans application. With these, when my accounts microservice is trying to invoke loans microservice with the help of feign client, my circuit breaker pattern will monitor that and it is going to invoke the fallback mechanism. Along with that, we can also see the state transition of circuit breaker pattern. So now I'm going to click on the send button. This time you can see I'm getting the accounts response, cards response, but the loans we are getting as null because we have written the fallback mechanism. This way we are making sure we are saving to our clients at least some information based upon what our microservices are working instead of throwing a RuntimeException, think of a scenario you are into an Amazon website. When you open the Amazon homepage behind the scenes, there will be a lot of microservices work together to display a lot of information to you. They'll be showing you some discounts, what are the products available. And in the down they will also show you some recommendations to you. Based upon your past order history they will show some recommendations that you may like this product. What if the microservice related to recommendation is not working? Do you think Amazon homepage will stop working? Off course not. Behind the scenes, the developers will make sure at least the banner, discounts and other product information is visible. Only the recommendation related information they will try to hide and my end user will be happy with that. At least he's getting some response and he should be able to proceed with the browsing of the other products very similarly here also we are at least providing some graceful behavior or some minimum behavior with the help of circuit breaker pattern and fallback mechanism. I hope you are clear. Let me try to click on the send button multiple times so that our circuit breaker related to LoansDto will move to the open status. So here I will try to refresh this page. You can see the circuit breaker related to the loans is right now in the open status. And if I try to refresh these events related page, you will be able to see there is a transition related information on this page. We can scroll down so there is a failure rate exceeded and the state transition is happening for the loans microservice from close to open. Now very similarly this time I'm going to stop the cards microservice. So let me click on the stop button and click on this stop CardsApplication. With these, both of the dependent microservices are stopped working and my accounts microservice should not wait for their response. With the help of circuit breaker pattern and fallback mechanism, it is going to work perfectly without having any ripple effect on the gateway server and the account microservice. This time, let me click on the send button. You can see I'm getting loans and cards as null, but at least I'm able to send the accounts related information. So let me click on this send button multiple times and post that we can go to the actuator. Here inside this page I'm trying to refresh this page. You can see both the circuit breakers are in open status. We can also refresh their events and you should be able to see the not permitted status for both the microservices like cards and loans. This way we saw the demo of Circuit Breaker along with the fallback. So if you try to start your loans and cards microservice and and start sending the successful response, then eventually my circuit breaker pattern will go back to the close status. I hope you are clear with all the discussion. So let's try to quickly revise what steps we have followed whenever we are trying to implement circuit breaker pattern with the help of feign client inside accounts microservice. As always, I have prepared a slide with the list of steps. Very first step you need to add a dependency inside pom.xml followed by you need to make few changes inside your feign client related interfaces. First you need to mention fallback related information. Post that you need to create a bean that implements your interface. And inside this bean you need to override all the abstract methods and make sure you are writing your fallback mechanism. Whenever the microservices are working properly, the feign client is going to invoke the actual microservices like cards microservice. But if there is some exception behind the scenes, the fallback logic will come into picture. And at last we should also make sure we are defining all these properties inside the application.yml. I hope you are super, super clear about the circuit breaker pattern. You like this pattern. And very similarly inside the resilience4j we have other type of patterns, so let's try to explore them as well. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.