As of now, we discussed about the circuit breaker pattern. Inside this lecture let me show you one of the most common scenario that you may face inside your real projects and how to handle the same with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. To show you this problem, I'm going to invoke this contact-info present inside the LoansController. So I came to the postman and you can see this is the URL that I'm trying to invoke. As soon as I click on the send button, you can see I'm getting the proper response, which means my service is working perfectly without any performance issues. But sometimes your services may respond very slowly. Sometimes they may take more than 30s or one minute, we never know what is happening on the server side. Maybe the microservice is performing very slow. In such scenarios you may not get the immediate response. Let me show you a quick demo here. For the same, I'm going to keep a breakpoint here and I will not release this breakpoint intentionally and I will make my client application, which is postman to wait for this response. So this time I'm trying to invoke this request one more time and you can see the breakpoint stopped inside this method. Now, if you go to the postman inside the postman you can see it is keep waiting for your response. So if you don't release the breakpoint even for 10 minutes, the client application is going to keep waiting for it. So behind the scenes there is a thread waiting on the gateway server for the response to receive from the loans microservice and at the same time on the loans microservice also, there is a thread which will be waiting for the response from the REST API. So unnecessarily you are making your threads and memory and other server resources to wait for these response to come and we don't know when this response is going to come. So to overcome these challenges we should define some timeout configurations. Using these timeout configurations, we can wait for a maximum period of time beyond the configure time we are not going to wait for the response. We will simply try to invoke the request one more time or will take some fallback mechanism based upon our business logic. I hope you are clear. What is the problem here? We are unnecessarily making our resources to wait for this response, which we never know is going to come. So I'm going to release this breakpoint. And now if you go to the postman here, we got the response. You can see it took around two minutes, 26 seconds. So ideally, we should not wait for such a long time in real projects. Now I'll try to invoke the same for accounts microservice and see what is going to happen. So inside the AccountsController, we have the same method. I'm going to put a breakpoint and from the postman I'm going to invoke the request which is related to the accounts microservice. So this one, I'm going to click on the send button. You can see the breakpoint stopped here, but my client application is not waiting here. It's immediately got a response saying that an error occurred please try after some time or contact support team. So here you may have a question like why there is a different behavior for accounts and loans Microservice. So let me clarify you that if you see the configurations inside the Gateway server application as of now for the accounts microservice, we configured a filter circuit breaker. Internally this circuit breaker is going to have the configurations related to timeout. By default, circuit breaker timeout will wait maximum for one second. Beyond one second, it will immediately go back to the fallback mechanism that you have mentioned. But we may not be using the circuit breaker pattern throughout our microservices. So to handle these problem in other places like loans and cards, microservice where we are not using circuit breaker pattern, we need to configure that timeout to configurations so that my Gateway server or any other microservices, they're not going to wait for the response for a long time. So to understand how to achieve this, let's go to the official documentation of Spring Cloud Gateway. So this is the URL of official documentation. Here if you try to search for timeout, you'll be able to see a section related to timeout configurations. So you can click on these Http timeouts configuration. Inside this section, we have complete details on how to configure these timeouts. And as a developer we should always configure these timeouts. Otherwise you are going to introduce some performance issues inside your microservices. And configuring these timeouts are very easy. So to configure these timeouts we can mention these properties inside the application.yml of Gateway server. So when we mention these properties, these configurations are going to be global for all your microservices that will receive the external traffic with the help of Gateway server. So here we have two properties connection timeout and response timeout. What is the difference between them? Connection timeout is the time that your Gateway server is going to take to get a connection thread from the other microservice. Suppose if Gateway server is trying to send a request to the loans microservice, first it will try to get a connection of loans microservice. Sometimes due to network problems, the time to get the connection also may take longer time. So that's why we are trying to configure 1000 milliseconds, which is one second. Within one second, if my gateway server is not able to get a connection of loans microservice, we are not going to wait and we are going to kill the request. And the next property that we have here is response-timeout. So this is the maximum time that your gateway server is going to wait to receive the response from the respective microservice like loans microservice. So we can try to configure these properties. Let me copy these properties and go to the application.yml of Gateway server. Inside the application.yml . We already have properties with the name spring.cloud.gateway. So just under the gateway I'm going to introduce these new properties, so I'll make sure I am introducing the new element just in the same position like Discovery, because discovery is also present under the Gateway parent. So let me copy these values. Now you can see the Http client is present inside the same position like discovery, under this Http client, we have configured 1000 milliseconds and the response timeout is going to be five seconds. Maybe instead of five seconds, I'm going to keep it as two seconds. I don't want to wait for five seconds. It will be a too long time for me. But based upon your business requirements, you can always change these values. So let me save these changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to invoke the path of loans controller again. So this is the path like contact-info. So here I'm trying to send the request again. This time also the breakpoint stop. I will not going to release this, but I'll go to the postman and here this time you can see we are immediately getting the response Gateway timeout. My client application is not even waiting. It wait for a maximum time of two seconds and beyond two seconds since it is not receiving the response. My gateway server throws an error to the client saying that gateway timeout. Since these timeout configurations that we have configured inside the Gateway server are global, they are going to applicable for all kind of microservices and for all kind of paths that are traveling through the gateway server. But for accounts microservice, it may not be the scenario because inside account microservice, we configured a pattern circuit breaker and this circuit breaker has its own internal timeout configurations. So whenever we have these kind of scenarios, the global configurations will be ignored and whatever configurations specific to circuit breaker will be followed. Later on, I'll be showing you how to override the default timeout configurations provided by the circuit breaker. So now if you go to the application.yml, we have configured the timeout configurations which are applicable for all kind of microservices and REST API paths. Sometimes you may want to provide timeout configurations based upon a specific URL or based upon a specific microservice. So for such scenarios, if you see the official documentation, there is also a details about how to define the timeouts per route like inside the Gateway we are already defining some routing configurations. If you are configuring routing configuration with the help of application.yml, you can mention these metadata under your routing configuration. But since we are using Java DSL style of configurations, you can see we can invoke the methods metadata and to these methods we can pass these constants along with the respective values. So this is how you can configure timeouts for each route inside your microservices. And the same page, if you can scroll down, there is more interesting information. Here you can see if you configure the response timeout with a negative value that will disable the global response timeout configurations for a particular route. In case if you don't want to follow global timeout configurations for your respective route, you can mention response timeout value as minus one with this for this particular route, there won't be any timeout configurations. It is going to wait indefinitely until you kill that thread. I hope you are clear about these timeout configurations. So Spring Cloud Gateway is a very powerful edge server. Inside this there are many configurations and filters available. It will not be possible for me to discuss all these filters, but I'm trying to empower you with all these official documentation, information and how to make some configurations inside the Gateway server by showing you some examples. With this knowledge in the future, if you have different requirement, you can easily come to this official documentation and try to do the research and accordingly you can implement the same inside your projects. As a mentor and instructor to you. I always try to empower you by teaching the basics and by teaching the concepts. With all the concepts that we discussed inside this section. Now, I'm very confident that you can easily understand this official documentation. Maybe, maybe without watching these videos, if you try to read the documentation, it is going to be super, super tough for you to understand. But with all the discussions that we are doing inside this section, it is going to be super, super easy for you. I hope you are clear with the discussions that we have done inside this lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.