In this lecture, let me try to introduce to you a new resiliency pattern, which is Retry Pattern. So what is a retry pattern? With the help of this pattern, we can configure multiple retry attempts whenever a service is temporarily failing. This pattern is going to be super, super helpful, especially in the scenarios like network disruption where the client requests may successful after a retry attempt. Let's try to understand more details about this pattern. Whenever we want to implement Retry Pattern inside our microservices, we need to be very clear on how many times we want to retry an operation. Whether you want to retry for three times or five times or ten times. So it is based upon your business logic. You need to decide on the number of retries. And this retry logic you can also conditionally invoke based upon many factors like error codes, exceptions or response status. And while we are retrying an operation, we can follow an backoff strategy. What is the purpose of this backup strategy? Let's try to understand the same. Without backup strategy, if you try to perform multiple retries, it is going to be a simple retry operation where every two seconds or every three seconds or one second you want to retry, which means there is a static time difference between multiple retry operations, whereas with the backup strategy, we can avoid overwhelming the system. So with the help of this strategy, we can gradually increase the delay between each retry known as exponential backoff. Maybe the first retry you are trying to do after two seconds and the second retry instead of retrying immediately after two seconds. This time you are going to retry after four seconds this way for each retry, you are going to wait for more time. And with this approach, there is a good chance that you may get a successful response and you are network issue might have resolved because you are giving enough time for the network issue to resolve. So that's why it is always recommended to use this backup strategy whenever we are trying to implement these retry pattern inside the microservices. And if needed, we can also integrate this retry pattern with the other patterns like circuit Breaker. By combining both retry pattern and the circuit breaker pattern, we can make our circuit breaker pattern to open after certain number of retries failed consecutively. So there is also a possibility where we can integrate or implement multiple resiliency patterns. I'm going to talk about implementing multiple resiliency patterns in the coming lectures, but for now, please note that if needed, we can also implement both retry and circuit breaker patterns inside our microservices. And the last important point that I want to highlight here is, whenever you are trying to implement retry pattern inside your microservices, please make sure you are implementing these retry pattern only for Idempotent operations. So what are Idempotent operations? So these are the operations which will not result in any side effect regardless of how many times you invoke them. For example, take the fetch API operation inside our microservices. If I try to retry multiple times, there is no harm is going to happen behind the scenes. I'm always going to get the response. But if you try to implement the same retry pattern for post operation or put operation, then there is a good chance you will have some side effects. Maybe you will create multiple records or maybe you are going to update the record multiple times, which will result into some data corruption or data side effects. That's why whenever you are trying to implement Retry Pattern, please make sure the respective API is of type Idempotent otherwise you are going to see serious side effects inside your microservices. So this is a very quick introduction about the retry pattern. From the next lecture, let's try to implement this retry pattern inside our microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.