Now inside this lecture, let's try to implement retry pattern with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. As of now, you can see inside accounts microservice configurations. We have enabled the circuit breaker pattern. Maybe this time we can try to implement retry pattern inside the loans microservice. For the same just after these addResponseHeaderFilter(), I'm going to invoke a new filter with the name retry. So there are multiple retry filters where you can simply mention the number of retries, but other than retries, we also want to provide other configurations. That's why I'm trying to invoke the very first filter that accepts retry related configurations. So let me invoke the same. And inside this I'm going to write a lambda expression with the input variable name retry config. So using the same retry config, first I'm going to invoke setRetries() with the help of setRetries(). I want to let my spring cloud gateway how many times I want to retry the operation in case of any issue. So here I'm going to mention three. That means I want to retry an operation total three times. Once we define these number of retries next we can invoke set() method to this method we can pass what type of Http methods needs to be considered for retry operation. Like we discussed before, we should be very careful with the retry operations and we need to make sure we are performing this retry operation only for the idempotent operations. Like httpGet() So to convey the same, we can use these set() methods to this set methods, we can pass list of http methods like here. I just wanted to pass HttpMethod.GET. If needed we can mention any number of Http methods to these set methods. As of now you can see I'm trying to enable this retry pattern only for get operations because there won't be any side effects whenever we are trying to invoke the get operation multiple times, whereas with the post, patch, update there can be some side effects. Even delete also should be fine, but I don't want to implement retry pattern for delete. We never know if someone screw up the where conditions inside the SQL query, then we may end up having some side effects. That's why for now I'm going to go with only GET HttpMethod. After this set methods we can invoke one more method which is setBackoff(). There are two types of backoff methods. You can invoke the Backoff method, which is accepting multiple input parameters. To this setBackoof() method. I'm going to pass input parameters like you can see there are four different parameters that I'm trying to pass. So if you try to run these setBackoff() method, we will be able to see what are these parameters. So the very first parameter indicates what is the first backoff that you want to follow. So using this first backoff value, my spring cloud gateway will wait for 100 milliseconds whenever it is trying to initiate the very first retry operation. And the next parameter that we have here is, max backoff. Think like you have configured the number of retries as ten. So for these kind of higher number of retries, if you keep on applying the factor based upon the previous backoff number at certain point of time, the backoff time or the interval between two retry operations is going to be a very high number. That's why in order to control that behavior, we can always define these max backoff. So with this maxBackoff() at any point of time, my spring cloud gateway will wait only for a maximum of 1000 milliseconds or one second between two retry operations. And the third parameter indicates what is a factor that we want the spring cloud gateway to apply based upon the previous backoff value. And the fourth one, which is a Boolean parameter. So based upon these boolean, we are trying to tell Spring Cloud Gateway whether it needs to apply the factor value on the previous backoff number or the initial backoff number. Since we are setting these boolean as true, my Spring Cloud Gateway always considered the previous backoff. On top of that, it is going to apply the factor value that we have provided. So with this we have configured and enabled the retry pattern for loans microservice for all the REST APIs that supports Http GET method. So let me save this changes. So in order to test these changes, I'm going to make some changes inside my LoansController. So if I go to the LoansController, here I'm going to introduce a logger statement. So the logger statement is going to be logger.debug() Invoked loans contact-info API. With this logger statement, we can easily identify how many times my microservice API is invoked. And you can see this supports getMapping. So whenever there is an issue happens inside this REST API, my spring cloud gateway is going to retry total number of three times. So let me put a breakpoint here and save this changes and I'll do a build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to restart my loans and gateway server. So let me stop my LoansApplication and post that I'm also going to stop the Gateway Server application. Once both my loans and gateway server applications are stopped, I'm going to first start the loans Microservice. Once the loans microservice is started, I'm going to start the Gateway server application. As a next step, I can go to the postman and I can try to invoke these contact-info API and you can see we also have a breakpoint. So I'm intentionally going to introduce timeout exception inside my REST API and in the same process we can see the retry demo. So inside the postman I'm trying to invoke the loans API with the name contact-info and I'm clicking on this send button. This will stop the execution at my breakpoint. Inside my postman you can see I got an response Gateway Timeout after 8.95 seconds. That means totally there are multiple retry attempts happen without retry. Previously we saw our global timeout configuration is only maximum two seconds. But since right now we are retrying total three times along with the initial first request which will make the total number of requests as four. That's why you are able to see the total time as around nine seconds. We can also confirm the same by looking at the logger. Here you can see as of now, the breakpoint is stopping my execution. So let me go to the console of LoansApplication. So here my logger never executed because we put a breakpoint. So here I'm trying to clean the console and I will release the breakpoint as soon as I release the breakpoint. You can see there is an exception. On top of that, if you go to the top here, we have a logger with the name Invoked Loans contact-info API. But immediately we got some other exception, which is SocketException because we put this breakpoint for a longer time. Due to that the thread got killed. So to see the retry one more time, this time I'm going to release the breakpoint as soon as I get the response on the postman. So let me click on the send button and here I'm waiting for the response to come. As soon as the response came. I'm trying to release the breakpoint here inside the loans microservice. So if I go to the console, you can see here right now we have the logger statement total four times like invoke loans, invoke loans, because this is the very initial request since the response didn't come within the two seconds, my gateway might have received the TimeoutException. That's why it is again, retry the operation total number of three times with this, I'm assuming you are clear about this demo. I can also show you this demo using one more approach. For the same I'm going to remove this breakpoint. After removing the breakpoint, I'm going to throw an RuntimeException intentionally from this method using throw new RuntimException. So as soon as you mentioned this throw statement, the below code is going to throw an error because it is never reachable. That's why I'm trying to comment this code. Once we commented this code, I'm going to save this changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, we need to make sure we are restarting loans and gateway server. So let me stop the loans microservice followed by Gateway Server. Once these services are stopped, I'm going to first start the LoansApplication. After my LoansApplication started successfully. I'm going to start the Gateway Server application. So now this time there is no breakpoint. You should get an immediate response. Let me go to the postman. So let me click on the send button. You can see we are getting a internal server error. Now, if you go to the LoansApplication console here, you should be able to see these Invoke Loans contact-info API total four times. This confirms our gateway server also trying to retry even in the scenario of RuntimeException. With this, we are giving an opportunity for our microservice to recover. Whenever there is a network issue or temporary outage issues, there is a good chance that your request may get successful in these kind of network issues. Since we have enabled the Retry Pattern inside the loans microservice, it is going to be fault tolerant for these kind of network related issues because behind the scenes Gateway Server is going to make multiple retry attempts silently without any manual intervention. I hope you are clear with these changes. I also mentioned the list of code changes that we made inside this lecture in this slide. First, inside the Gateway Server application class, we have added the retry related configurations with the help of retry filter like you can see on the screen. Apart from these changes, we have not done any other changes. We have done some changes inside the LoansController to add some logger statements or to introduce some RuntimeExceptions. But those changes we have done only to see the demo. That's why I'm going to rollback these changes, especially related to throw RuntimeException. I don't want to check in the code that will always throw the RuntimeException. With this I'm assuming your super, super clear about how to implement Retry Pattern with the help of Gateway server. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.