Now, inside this lecture, let me show you how to implement retry pattern inside your individual microservices like accounts microservice. As of now, we implemented retry pattern with the help of Gateway server. But sometimes we may want to implement retry pattern inside the individual microservices as well. So to implement the retry pattern inside my AccountsController, I choose this API, which is build-info . So the purpose of this API is it is always going to return the what is the current build version right now this environment is using It also supports get mapping. So this is a good method to implement retry operation. So to implement the retry operation we need to use the annotation which is @Retry. To this Retry annotation, first we need to mention what is the name that you want to give for this particular retry configurations. So I'll go with the method name, which is getBuildInfo() post that, I'm also going to mention what is a fallback method for this retry pattern. So the fallback method, I'm going to mention the same method name after mentioning the same method name, I'm going to append the text which is fallback. So this is the new method name. So as a next step, we need to create a method inside the same class with the method name as getBuildInfoFallback(). . But while we are trying to create a fallback method, we need to follow certain rules. The very first rule is the fallback method signatures should match with exactly with the original method. So here the original method is getBuildInfo(). So let me copy this entire method signature along with the method name. So I'm going to create a empty method. So here we already have this method. We can't use this method name. That's why we need to give a different name for the fallback method. I'm trying to use the same here for these new fallback method that I'm trying to create. Inside this method we need to accept the same number of parameters like we are accepting for the getBuildInfo(). Since the original method does not have any arguments, the fallback method also is not going to have any method input parameter. The second rule that we need to follow is this fallback method should accept a method input parameter of type throwable. So that's what I'm trying to do here. Since your original method is empty here you have only one method parameter which is Throwable. In case, if your original method has two method input parameters, then your fallback will have three method input parameters two from the original method and the third one is of type Throwable. And inside this I'm going to simply return a static value as a fallback mechanism. So the static value that I want to return here is 0.9. So this is some random version number that I want to return. So whatever logic I have written inside this fallback method will be executed after multiple retry operations. Like if I configure three retry attempts, even after three retry attempts, my original method is not able to return a successful response in such scenarios, my fallback is going to get invoked. So this is one of the advantage that we have. If you try to implement retry pattern inside your microservice itself, whereas with Gateway Server, there is no option for us to implement fallback mechanism. As of now, this is the limitation with the gateway server. Now you can see I have defined the retry configurations and a fallback method. As a next step we need to define the properties related to the retry pattern. Like how many times we want to retry what is the backoff strategy for the same, we need to go to the application.yml of accounts microservice. So under the resources I'm trying to open application.yml, so just under the circuit breaker related configurations, I'm going to mention the retry pattern related configurations. So here I'm trying to paste few properties. Like you can see the properties are resiliency4j.retry configs and default. That means whatever configurations that I'm trying to define here, these configurations are applicable for all retry configurations that I have done inside my accounts microservice. So the maximum number of retry times that I'm trying to do is three and wait duration is 100 milliseconds, and I'm trying to enable the exponential backoff with a backoff factor or backoff multiplier as two. So here you may have a question like from where I'm getting all these properties. Like I said, official documentation is the answer. If you come to the Resiliency4j website and click on this getting started under the configurations, there are good amount of details provided on how to configure various patterns inside your microservices. Like this is for circuit breaker. Very similarly, we have for retry. The same I'm trying to refer inside my microservice as well. So you can see here instead of default they're trying to define different, different retry configurations for different, different retry pattern implementations inside the microservices. So the retry pattern name can be backendA. So for this pattern, these are the properties that they want to follow. And similarly, there is another retry pattern implementation with the name backendB. This way, we can also define different, different retry configurations or circuit breaker configurations for different, different instances. As of now, inside our AccountsController, we have created only one retry configuration instance with the name get build-info. You need to use the same name inside your properties whenever you want to apply retry configurations which are specific to these retry instance configuration. I hope you are clear now after mentioning these properties as a next step, we need to create some logger statements so that it will be clear for us to understand how many times our method is getting invoked. I need to create some logger statements here before that first, I need to create a variable of type Logger. So here I'm trying to create a new Logger variable that accepts the class name using the same logger. I'm going to create logger statements inside my getBuildInfo. Inside this method I'm going to mention a logger statement. The logger statement is going to be logger.debug and getBuildInfo method invoked. Very similarly, let me create a logger statement inside the fallback method as well. But here I'm going to change the method name to getBuildInfoFallback(). With this loggers, we should be able to easily identify how many times a particular method is invoked. As a next step, to see the demo of this retry pattern in action, I'm going to throw intentionally a RuntimeException with the help of throw new NullPointerException. With this always this method is going to fail. So let me comment this return statement after commenting this I'm going to save these changes. Do a build, once the build is completed, first, I'm going to stop my AccountsApplication followed by Gateway Server application. Once these applications are starved first, I'm going to start my AccountsApplication in debug mode, followed by Gateway Server. The reason why I'm trying to manually restarting these services instead of relying on my dev tools is, whenever my applications restarted they are going to register with the Eureka server with the new instance details. Since I want my gateway server to have always the latest information from the Eureka server, I'm trying to restart both accounts and gateway server application manually. With this, both the applications started successfully. Let me go to the postman. Here I'm going to invoke the REST API of build-info which is available inside the accounts microservice. So let me click on the send button. As soon as I click send button, you can see I'm getting the fallback response, which is 0.9. We can confirm whether the retry happened or not by looking at the console inside my AccountsApplication console if you see there are three statements with the logger get build-info method invoked and at class we also have statement which is related to getBuildInfoFallback(). Do you see there is a difference between the retry pattern inside the gateway and individual microservice inside the gateway server? Whenever we implement the retry pattern, the retry attempts happen total four number of times, but here it is happening only three times. So here it is also considering the very initial request under the retry attempts. So please make a note of this and accordingly you need to implement inside your projects. So now we are clear about this, as a next step I want to show you a demo of circuit Breaker Timeout. For the same, I'll go to the application.yml. As of now you can see the wait duration is 100 millisecond. Instead I'm going to make it as 500 milliseconds and post that I'm going to save this changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, we need to make sure we are restarting AccountsApplication and gateway server application again. So let me start my AccountsApplication first. Once the AccountsApplication is started, I'm going to start the Gateway server application. This time, let's see the behavior, how it is going to be. So here I'm trying to invoke this request again. This time you can see we are getting the response from the circuit breaker fallback mechanism, which means internally my circuit breaker has a time limiter using this time limiter, it is going to wait for a maximum period of default value present inside the circuit breaker. Since these default value of circuit breaker is less than the total time taken by the retry operation, the fallback of circuit  breaker is coming into picture. So whenever you are end up into these kind of scenarios, you can either reduce your wait duration like previously we have 100 milliseconds or you can also change the default configuration of circuit Breaker. So let me show you how to change that. For the same, we need to go to the Gateway server application. As of now, you can see we have enabled the circuit breaker for accounts microservice. So in the same class I'm going to create a new bean. So here I'm trying to paste few lines of code. You can see I'm trying to create a bean of type Customizer, ReactiveResiliency4JCircuitBreakerFactory . Inside this method we have a lambda expression. So let's try to understand what is this lambda expression using the variable factory which is of type ReactiveResiliency4JCircuitBreakerFactory. I'm trying to invoke the configure default to this configured default. I'm trying to pass the new object of Resiliency4jConfigBuilder. After that, once we have defined this object, I'm trying to invoke the method CircuitBreakerConfig to the CircuitBreakerConfig. We are passing some default values after these default values we are trying to mention what is a time limiter that my CircuitBreaker has to follow. As of now we saw the time limiter it is following is around one second, but we want to increase the time but the same we need to use this timeLimiterConfig. So what is time limiter. So time limiter is another pattern inside the resiliency4j which will help you to define what is the maximum time that your application is going to wait to complete a specific operation. So for this time limiter config we are trying to pass timeLimiterConfig.custom and what is that timeout duration? So we are trying to set four seconds. So with this my circuit breaker pattern is going to wait for a maximum of four seconds whenever it is trying to wait for a particular operation to complete. So let me save this changes. Do a build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to stop my gateway server and restart again. So now I'm trying to start again. You might be wondering from where I got these kind of configurations, how do I know to define these being with kind of lambda expression, which is looking very complex. Like I said, you can always look in the official documentation. If you are familiar with spring reactive concepts, then this lambda expression is going to be super, super easy to understand. Otherwise, don't worry, you can always look for the help inside the official documentation or from the developer community. So now my gateway server started successfully. Let me go to the postman. Here I'm going to invoke this operation one more time. This time you should get the fallback mechanism response from the retry pattern and that is what happening, which is 0.9. We can also check the console of AccountsApplication inside my AccountsApplication console you can see we have this logger statements confirming that there is an retry attempt to happen. And since the retry is not successful, even after three attempts, the fallback mechanism came into picture. I hope you are clear with all the changes that we have done inside this lecture, we are going to continue this discussion in the next lecture as well. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.