Have you ever played these balloon pop up game? During my childhood, my dad used to take me to the exhibition and I used to play this game a lot. The reason why I'm showing right now is this is very relevant to the new pattern that we are going to discuss. Let me explain you what is going to happen during this game. Whenever you try to play this game, the person who owns this balloon shop, he will give only limited set of resources like you will have only three chances or five chances based upon your payment. You are allowed to pop the balloons with the given set of resources. Beyond the resources that he has provided you are not allowed to play the game. Why the owner of this shop is following this rule. It is very simple because if you give unlimited chances to you, then he is going to be at loss. That's why he is going to limit your usage based upon your payment. Now let's go to the new pattern that we are going to discuss and you will realize how this is going to be related to the new pattern that we are going to discuss. The new pattern that we are going to discuss is rate limiter pattern. So what is this rate limiter pattern? Using this pattern inside microservices, we can control and limit the rate of incoming requests to a specific API or to a microservice. This pattern is majorly used to prevent abuse of the system and to protect the system resources and ensure there is a fair usage of the services by everyone. So let's try to understand more details about this pattern. In a microservices, multiple services will be deployed and these services may interact with each other to send a response to the client applications. However, sometimes if you don't put restrictions and controls on how many requests being consumed by a specific client or a specific person, then there can be a good chance the performance degradation or resource exhaustion may happen. And in some scenarios there is also a chance DoS attacks may happen. So what is a DoS attack? A single malicious user or a hacker is trying to send a continuous request to you maybe millions of requests to your server so that he can bring down your microservices and make your microservices network slow. So to avoid all these kind of scenarios and make sure everyone has their fair usage of service, we need to implement the rate limiter pattern so that we can enforce limits on the rate of incoming requests. If you are expecting 10,000 requests per second. Accordingly, you need to set up the infrastructure and accordingly you can implement rate limiter pattern as well. But all of a sudden if you are expecting some 1 million requests, then there is a chance that someone is trying to abuse your system or someone is trying to bring down your system. So to overcome these challenges we need to use rate limiter pattern. So what are the advantages when we implement these rate limiter pattern like we discussed, this will help your microservices from being overwhelmed by excessive or malicious requests from the hackers. It also ensures the stability, performance and availability of the services while providing controlled access to the resources inside the microservice. Basically, you are going to create a healthy environment where everyone can use the services as long as they are within the rate limits that we have configured. If we configure this rate limiter pattern inside our microservices, how it is going to stop the excess request is it is simply going to return an for 429 Http status code, which is too many requests and it cannot accept more requests. And this will indicates to clients that they can try to invoke the service after few seconds or few minutes. We can enforce this limitation based upon various strategies, like maybe we can try to limit the requests based upon the session, based upon an IP address or based upon the logged in user or based upon a tenant or based upon a server. So there can be many strategies that you can use. Additionally, we can also use this rate limiter pattern to provide services to users based upon their subscription tiers. For instance, inside your system you may have users like basic user, premier user and enterprise users. So for different, different types of users, you want to enforce different, different type of rate limits. We can implement these kind of requirements also with the help of rate limiter pattern. So this is a very quick introduction about this pattern and I'm assuming you are able to correlate with the balloon pop up game that I have shown previously. I'm right now having nostalgic feeling because with this balloon pop up game, a lot of my childhood memories came into my mind. I'm assuming the same case with you. Enjoy your nostalgic feeling. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.