Inside this lecture, let's try to discuss about a new pattern, which is Bulkhead pattern. So what is this Bulkhead pattern? With the help of this bulkhead pattern, we can improve the resilience and isolation of components or services within a microservice network or within a system. You might be wondering why there is an image of boat or ship on the slide. The reason why we have this image is this bulkhead pattern inspired from the concept of bulkheads in the ships. So what are these bulkheads? If you can see the image of shape using these bulkheads, we are physically partitioning the entire ship so that even if one of the compartment is flooded with the water, it is not going to affect other partitions or the compartments inside the ship. So this will enhance the overall stability and safety of the ship or vessel. Did you watch Titanic movie? I think these are very dumb question. I think everyone on the earth saw the movie of Titanic. So coming to the movie, when the ship is collided with the mountain in the middle of the sea, the ship did not immediately merged into the ocean. It took a lot of time. There is a lot of story happened from the collision to the climax. The water did not enter into the entire ship at a time because behind the scenes they are bulkheads in the ship. When you lock a compartment, the water is not going to enter into other compartments very easily using the same bulkhead inside the ships. The bulkhead pattern is inspired, which we are trying to discuss from the software perspective. So with the help of this pattern, we can isolate and limit the impact of failures or high loads in one component from spreading to the other component. It also help to ensure that a heavy load in one part of the system does not, bringing down the entire system. And that enables other components to work to continue functioning independently. I'm going to share more details around this in few seconds. I know this is super complex to understand. Please bear with me a few seconds. I'm going to show you a diagram then it is going to make more sense to you. How a bulkhead pattern is going to achieve the stability is, with the help of this pattern, we can allocate or assign the resources to a specific REST API or to a specific microservice. So that the excessive usage of resources we can avoid. On a high level the summary is, with the help of bulkhead pattern, we can define the resource boundaries for all the components inside a microservice and this will enhance the resiliency and stability of the system. So let's try to understand this bulkhead pattern with the help of a diagram. So first you can see without the bulkhead pattern, this is the accounts microservice and think like inside accounts microservice I have two REST APIs. One is myAccount and the other one is myCustomerDetails. And not many clients they are trying to send the request to these two REST APIs. We know that my account REST API is a simple REST API because it does not depend on other microservice, whereas myCustomerDetails REST API is a REST API that depends on other microservices like loans and cards. So the amount of processing time or the amount of business logic complexity is going to be higher inside the myCustomerDetails compared to the myAccount. Without bulkhead, what will happen myCustomerDetails API is going to eat all the thread, all the resources available inside a Docker container. So this is going to affect the performance of myAccount. So at some point of time myAccount is not going to get enough threads or resources to process the incoming requests from the clients. So with the help of bulkhead pattern, let's try to understand how the picture is going to change. Like you can see here, with the help of bulkhead patterns, we are defining the boundaries for these REST APIs. So inside these boundaries we are going to assign for myAccount or for myCustomerDetails. These are the threads or these are the resources that it can use from the thread pool. With this clear boundaries now myAccount is going to work happily, regardless of how many requests that myCustomerDetails is receiving because we have provided minimum number of threads from the thread pool to the myAccount API as well with the help of bulkhead pattern. So let's try to understand how to implement these bulkhead pattern by looking at the official documentation inside the Spring Cloud gateway there is no support for the bulkhead pattern as of now. With that, we can only implement bulkhead pattern with the help of resiliency4j library. Here if you can scroll on this page. There is an annotation which you can use for bulkhead. You can see with the help of @Bulkhead annotation, we can configure the bulkhead related configurations and to this type we can mention Threadpool. That means with these bulkhead configurations we are trying to assign the thread pools to this operation or to this method. So the properties related to bulkhead you can identify if you can scroll up on this page. So let's scroll up, up, up. So here you can see there are properties which are related to bulkhead where you can mention what are the maximum concurrent calls that a particular bulkhead pattern can support on top of a REST API. And similarly we have max weight duration. So this is normal bulkhead configuration where you can only control the concurrent calls. But if you want to control the threads also, then with the help of this thread pool configurations, you can assign maximum thread pool size. What is the core thread pool size? What is the queue capacity? So these are all the properties that you can use to define the bulkhead configurations. I'm not going to implement these inside our microservices and I'm not going to show you the demo of bulkhead. The reason is to see that demo of this pattern we need some commercial tools or some performance tools like Loadrunner or Jmeter, where we can see the thread usage. So that is super complicated process. That's why I'm not going to show you that in the demo, but I'm assuming you are clear in future whenever you have these kind of scenarios where you want to define the boundaries for your APIs inside the microservice, then please leverage this and with the help of your performance testing team, you can try to validate your changes. I hope you are clear about the bulkhead pattern. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.