As of now, inside this course, we have discussed various resiliency patterns supported by this Resilience4j library. And inside the course we have implemented all these patterns inside our microservices individually. But sometimes you may have some complex business logic where you may end up combining various resiliency patterns. In such scenarios, you may have a question like what is the order that my resiliency library is going to follow? If I have multiple patterns defined for a single API or for a single method or for a single service. So let's try to understand the same for the same inside the official documentation of resiliency4j. If you can click on this Getting Started under Spring Boot two and three, you will have this page. If you can scroll down on this page, there is an information related to the aspect order. So let me zoom this page. Here you can see by default, this is the order that resiliency4j library is going to follow. So Retry is going to be applied at the end. So first there'll be bulkhead after the bulkhead TimeLimiter and after the time limiter we have RateLimiter and after the RateLimiter we have circuit breaker and after the circuit breaker at the end we have retry. Sometimes you may be fine with these default order, but if you have some complex scenario where you want to change this default order, then it is going to be super, super easy with the help of these properties. So you can see using these properties, you can define the order of execution inside your Yaml configurations or inside your application.yml. So with these configurations we are giving higher priority to the retry. That means the higher priority means it is going to have higher value and that is going to be executed first and post that only circuit breaker is going to be executed. So that's what it is confirming. Circuit breaker starts after the retry finish its work. So this is a quick information that I want to give you, but my humble advice here is please don't try to use all these patterns that will be like doing overengineering inside your microservices. And without proper testing, you may get some surprises inside the production. Please do the due diligence and post that only go with the required patterns inside your microservices. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.