As of now, we implemented and tested various resiliency patterns inside our local system. To test the same changes using the Docker containers. Behind the scenes I have created that Docker images of all the six services that we have with a new tag which is s10, because since we are right now inside the section 10, I have created the Docker images with these tags. You can see the same here. So just to save some time, I have done all these tasks behind the scenes. Since you are already familiar with all these, I'm assuming you should be able to do these without my help. If needed please pass the video and try to generate these Docker images inside your local system and push them into the Docker hub. But before that, please make sure inside the pom.xml of all your microservices, the tag name has to be changed from S9 to S10. After generating these Docker images, I also pushed them into the Docker hub. This is my Docker hub page. You will be able to see the tags related to s10 under all microservices under accounts microservice. You can see there is a tag with the name S10. So the commands that I have used to generate the Docker images and push these Docker images is, if you can go to the GitHub repository I have mentioned them inside these README document, scroll down here, so this is the command that I have used to generate the Docker images with the help of Google jib. And very similarly I have used this Docker image push command to push these images into the Docker hub. You are already familiar with this process. If you have some questions, you can always watch the previous sections videos. As a next step, I also updated the Docker compose file, so let me show you the changes that I have made inside the Docker compose file by opening one of the Docker compose file. So here first I created a new ready service because to implement the RateLimiter pattern with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, we need this service. The service name is Redis, the image is Redis and these are the port mappings. And to perform the health check, this is the command that we need to use. You can get this command from the official documentation of Redis as well, and these are the timeout and retry configurations and post that I'm trying to extend the network deploy service present inside the common config. So that my radius service also will start under the easy bank network. Let me go back to the Docker compose file. After mentioning Redis related configurations inside the Docker compose file, I straightaway went to the gateway server. So inside the gateway server under the dependencies, we need to add the new dependency which is related to Redis. This poor guy has a lot of dependencies and he has to start towards the end. After defining these dependency related information. Under the environment variables, I have defined the properties related to Redis. So this is the connection timeout of Redis and this is the host name. Hostname, we should not mention the localhost. Instead we should mention what is the service name that we have defined for Redis. So the service name is Redis itself and this is the port and this is the timeout configuration. And at last I also made the changes related to the tags. Like for all the microservices. Previously it was S9. Right now I changed to S10. So after making all these changes I have copied the same docker compose file into the qa and default profile as well. There are no changes inside the common-config.yml. I hope this is clear. As a next step we can try to execute the docker compose up command for the protection profile. I open the terminal. Here inside the terminal I am into the prod profile location. You can confirm the same here. As a next step I'm going to run the command docker, compose up -d. So this will start all my containers and post that we can test the resiliency related changes. This is going to take 1 to 2 minutes, so let me wait for this to complete. After two minutes, all my containers successfully started. I got the same confirmation on my terminal console. Let me also confirm the same by going to the Docker desktop. Inside the Docker desktop, I'm going to see the logs of Gateway server. So you can see here we have a confirmation saying that the GatewayserverApplication started successfully. With this we can try to test few changes related to the resiliency pattern. The very first URL that I want to invoke here is, easy bank accounts API, Java hyphen version. Because for these API only we implemented RateLimiter inside the accounts microservice. So let me first invoke this API. You can see I'm getting the Java related output, but now I will try to send multiple requests within a second. And with that I'm getting a response from the fallback mechanism that I have defined for my RateLimiter pattern. So you can see we are getting the output Java 17. We have one more API that we can test with the help of Apache Benchmark. The command that I'm going to run inside my terminal is, the same command that we have discussed previously. With this I'm trying to test the RateLimiter pattern that we have implemented inside the Gateway server with the help of RedisRateLimiter. So let me try to invoke this. I got the output saying that there are total ten requests sent and out of them eight are fail. So you can see for majority of them we are getting the response, which is 429 too many requests like we expect. With this it confirms that our resiliency pattern related changes, they are also working inside the Docker container environment. I'm not testing all other patterns like retry, circuit breaker because for that we need to intentionally introduce some RuntimeExceptions which I don't want to follow. If I want to test them, I need to generate the Docker images by introducing the RuntimeExceptions, which is unnecessary because we already tested them inside the local and they are going to work very similarly inside the Docker container as well. Before we try to close this section, let me highlight you that this is the GitHub repo. Like under microservices GitHub repo. I checked in the code related to this section under this section underscore ten where you should be able to see all the changes that we have discussed throughout this section. Finally, we are done discussing on how to make our microservices fault tolerant and resilient in nature. We put a lot of efforts and right now our microservices are more matured compared to the previous section. I'm assuming your super, super happy with the progress that we made inside this section. I'm also very happy because right now our microservices are better than compared to previous section. With this, I'm going to take a break. You can see the time right now for me is 11:38 p.m. I'm going to have some nice sleep. Also request you to take break because we successfully completed a section. It is very important to take the breaks whenever you are trying to learn new concepts. Don't try to do a marathon with this course, with many concepts, with many jargons, you may feel exhausted and you may lose interest. That's why my humble request is to take a break here and come back. I'm going to catch you in the next section. Thank you. Bye.