Inside this lecture, let's try to validate that Docker compose changes, but before we try to run the Docker Compose command, we missed one update inside our Docker compose file in the previous lecture. If you can scroll down the Docker image name for all the microservices should have a tag name which is S7. So please replace all the S6 Stacks names with S7, since we have new Docker images generated inside this section, we need to use them. If you use S6 related Docker images, they will have H2 database related changes and it is not going to work. That's why after making these changes, we should be good. Now let me go to the terminal. Inside my terminal I'm going to navigate to the Docker compose folder. So inside this Docker compose we have default folder and inside this folder only we have made all the changes. So the command that we need to run here is docker compose up. So I'm trying to run this command and see whether it is working. You can see we, we are having an error which is config server depends on undefined service. Rabbit. We missed one more update here like under the config server. As of now we have mentioned this rabbit service name under the depends on of my config server, but we are no more using the spring cloud bus related changes. But we already deleted this service name. That's why it is not going to make sense for docker compose and with that reason it is throwing an error. So let me remove this post that I'm going to save this changes and run the command again. This time hope for the best. First, you can see all my database related containers are trying to get created. Once all my database containers are created, then only my individual microservices like accounts, loans and cards microservices. They will try to get started. So let's wait for this to get completed. Since I have started my docker compose command without -d, I am able to see all the logs in the current terminal itself. So that's why it is very important to run in a detached mode so that your terminal will get free and you can run the other commands. I have waited for a few more seconds behind the scenes and all of my containers should have started successfully. Let me validate the same inside that Docker desktop. And you are going to have a surprise here. Inside my Docker desktop, you can see all my containers started like cards database, loans database accounts database and config server started and account microservice started. But you can see cards and loans microservices, they have not started. So let's try to see what is the reason by clicking on this. And from the log I can clearly see that it is not able to connect with the database. What is the issue? Let's try to understand this. This is going to be super interesting and you are understanding on Docker is going to get improved. So here if you see this is the connection details that I have given for accounts microservice, it is working fine. Whereas for loans database and cards database, we have given 3307 and 3308. You may question me like what is wrong with this because we have exposed 3307 and 3308 to the outside world. But if you see there is a catch here, the containers, they are within their own network. They are not trying to connect with your database from the external location or from the outside world. That's why here we should not give 3307. We should give 3306 itself where your loans database started inside the Docker network. So the same we need to give here. And in fact, if you see here, this port mapping itself is not needed. When my containers they are trying to communicate with each other, there is no need to expose my databases to the outside world. If you remove this port mapping, your microservices and DB containers, they are going to communicate with each other without any issues. But the reason why I'm trying to expose this to the outside world is, we want to validate whether the data is saved or not by using a client application like Sql Electron. So since I will be using SQL Electron, which will be outside the Docker network, so I need to make sure I'm exposing the traffic to the outside world with the port like 3306, 3307 and 3308. I hope you are understanding the concepts of Docker network. Now let me save this changes and try to create the containers again. This time it should be successful. I'm going to stop all the containers by pressing Ctrl C. This will not delete my containers, so to delete all the containers I need to run the command which is docker compose down. So that will remove the containers. Now I'm going to run the docker compose up command. This time I will run with -d and see if all our microservices they are going to start or not. Meanwhile, I'm going to create the Docker compose files for the other environments like Prod and qa. We know this is super,super easy task. So first I'm going to take all the content of the Docker compose file and I'm going to paste the same inside the Docker compose file of prod profile and let me do the same for QA as well. After this, I can open the commonconfig.yml and take the content from the default profile and mention the same inside the prod profile. But here, the only change that we need to do is to change the spring profiles active to prod. And very similarly, I'm going to take this content and paste the same inside the common-config.yml and here the profile should be qa. So with this we have successfully updated the prod and docker compose Yaml files also. Now let me go to the Docker desktop . Here you can see this time all of my seven containers they started successfully. I can also confirm by clicking on this cards microservice and you can see it is still getting started. Let's wait for a couple of more seconds. This time the connection with the database is successful. That's why you can see here you're able to see these like added connection. It created a connection and finally it started my CardsApplication. The same might be the scenario inside the loans microservice here also it started. Now I can quickly test my REST APIs. First, I'm going to test the Create account by sending this request, I should get a successful response. Yeah, I got a successful response. Now let me go to the cards and here I'm going to click Create Card and I'm getting a successful response and I'll do the same for loans by clicking on this create loan. Here I'm trying to invoke this request. You can see we are getting a successful response for our loans API as well. So now let me go to the Sql electron and try to validate if the data is saved inside the database or not. Here, the same connection details will work because we are using the same port number and the same passwords. So let me try to connect to these loans database first and open this and look for that data inside the accounts there is data and let me do the same for customers. Inside customer also there is data. As a next step, I can validate loans also and inside the loans table also we have some data. Let me go back and click on this Cards database. And here also we have a table. And inside this table we also have data. This way we establish the communication between microservices and a MySQL database even with the Docker compose as well. Here you may have a question like inside my project, we are not using Docker containers, we are using some dev database or we are using some database inside the cloud. So whatever reason you are using some database which is not inside your local system. In such scenarios, the change is very simple. You don't have to mention all these accounts database, loans database, cards database. You can directly go to your individual microservices and mention your exact data source URL. So you can give the hostname of your development environment or the public IP which you got from the cloud environment. Provide those details directly here. And with that, your microservices will be able to connect with an external database. I hope this is clear, thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.