Inside this lecture, I'm going to show you a demo of Docker network. As of now, we make sure that all of our containers and services, they are getting started inside a same network. So if you see all our microservices, they are extending these network-deploy-service and the network that we attach to all of our containers is EazyBank. Now let me show you a demo where I will try to detach the databases from this network. And with that I will show you a demo that the communication is failing. And post that, I will also show a demo that the communication between your microservices and databases will fail. For the same, let me close all these files. Now inside this lecture, I'm not going to use default profile because we already validated the default profile. Let me pick the qa profile. So that we can also validate that the profile is also working fine. So here I'm going to open the common-config.yaml profile. Inside this common-config.yml. You can see as of now our microservices DB config is extending a service with the name network-deploy-service. . That means all the containers which is using this service. They will get started inside this network. So if I try to remove this here now my database containers, they will not start inside the network of EasyBank and with that the communication will fail. Let's see that in the demo. So let me save this changes. Here seems we have missed this Spring Rabbitmq host we no more needed this so I can delete this entire environment variable. Let me delete the same change inside the other common-config.yml. So here I'm going to remove this rabbitmq related environment variable. Let me do the same inside the default environment also. So here also I should have the same. So let me scroll down. Yeah, here I have this. So let me delete this environment variable. So we should be good now. Now as an actor, first let me stop all the running containers. Like with the help of docker compose down. So with this, all the containers that we have started with the help of default profile will get stopped. I will go back to the parent folder and navigate into the qa folder. Now here I'm going to run the same command, which is docker compose up -d. So let me start this and we can expect that accounts, loans and cards, microservice, they are not going to start successfully because they will not be able to communicate with the database containers. Now I can try to validate how my containers are getting started inside my Docker desktop. So here under the profile you can see my loans, database accounts, database and cards database. They started successfully. Config server microservices also started successfully, but coming to the other containers like accounts microservice, cards microservice and loans microservice. They initially they are in the running status, but after some time they turned into exited status because if you go and open them, the communication is failing with the database, they're not able to create a connection. I'm hoping you are understanding how the Docker network works. We can also try to see the list of Docker networks created behind the scenes. So let me clean the console here and try to run the command Docker network ls. So this will list you all the Dockers networks that are created. So you can see we have a network created with the name EasyBank with the qa profile, and at the same time there is also other networks that got created. We can try to understand to which network our container is attached. For the same, first, let me run the docker ps. So the container ID of my loans database is this is the one. So what I can do is I can run docker inspect and give the containerId, which is aaff. So here we should be able to see that networkId which is starting with 689. So let me go to the top. You can see there is a networkId which is starting with 689 with the name qa_default. Which means inside a Docker compose network. Whenever you are not mentioning any network, they will all get assigned to a default network, whereas my accounts microservice and all other microservice. Since we have created and attached a different network and since these are two different network, the communication is not going to work. So this is the power of Docker. You will have complete isolation until unless you allow the network communication, the communication will never happen. I hope you are clear here. So now as a next step, I can clean the console and bring my containers down. So let me run the docker compose down. I'll go to my IntelliJ idea. Here inside my config.yml I'm going to bring back that extent changes. So under this microservice db config we need to extend this network-deploy-service. So let me take those values from the other config dot yaml we have here. So let me take this values and mention the same inside the qa profile. So I'm trying to mention the same here. So now if you try to start this time, the containers will get started successfully. They will not be any surprise. If you want, you can validate inside your local system. With this discussion, I'm assuming you are clear on how to connect your microservices with a docker running database containers. It can be using Docker compose or it can be using your local host. So both approaches we have discussed. But here I'm going to give you a surprise. From the next section, we are not going to use the MySQL database. We're going to use the internal H2 database only. You might be surprised here and you may ask me, Why are you doing that? We already migrated our code from H2 database to MySQL. Then why we want to go back to the H2 database again. The reason is, as of now you can see inside our Docker compose file whenever we want to start our microservices applications along with the relevant dependencies, there will be three database containers, there will be config server, they'll be loans, cards and accounts microservice. In total, there will be seven running containers inside your local system and we are going to onboard more number of other components inside the microservices like Eureka Server, Gateway Server. We are going to bring grafana related containers. With so many containers running inside your system, it is going to slow down your laptop and eventually you will get demotivated. If you see some runtime issues which you're not able to debug. In fact, I observed in my system and I'm trying to run like 10 to 12 containers, I face some slowness inside my system and I can easily expect this can happen to my students also, particularly who are using eight 8 Ram laptops. I hope you understand why we are going to use H2 database, but if you are confident that your laptop is an high end laptop and it is going to work without any issues, please continue using the MySQL database. It's up to you whether you want to follow with me along with the history database or whether you want to go with the MySQL database. I hope this is clear, Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.