Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section, we are not going to discuss any challenge related to microservices development. Instead, I'm going to fix our code to point to the real database like MySQL database. As of now, we are using H2 database and this internal H2 database is not recommended for real projects or production applications. That's why inside this section I'm going to focus on how to use MySQL as a backend for our microservices. As of now we have three different microservices like accounts, loans and cards. I'll make code changes so that these microservices will utilize MySQL database. So let's try to take a pass from challenges for some time. I know you might have get overwhelmed by looking at all the challenges. That's why I want to give a temporary small break and inside this section we are going to focus on purely MySQL database. With that quick introduction, let me go to my workspace folder location. As of now, you can see inside section 6, we have two types of folders v1 and v2. Now, since we are into a new section, I want to create a new folder with the name section 7. Inside this section 7 only I'm going to make all the changes that we are going to discuss inside this section. So the code that I have to copy for this Section 7 is, definitely I have to take the code from v2-spring-cloud-config. So let me take all these projects and folders. After copying this and going back to my Section 7 and I'm going to paste the projects and folders that we have created. So let me make sure there are no hidden files related to idea. So there are no hidden files here. As a next step, I'm going to open this Section 7 related code inside my IntelliJ idea. So for the same first I am going to close this existing workspace post that I'm going to click on this open button and navigate to my workspace location like storage, workspaces, microservices and the new folder that we have created, which is Section 7. As soon as I click open, all my Maven projects will try to load into my IntelliJ idea. So to make sure they are getting loaded as Maven project, I need to make sure I'm clicking on this load button. So with that all my projects might have loaded as maven projects. So Docker Compose is not a Maven project. It is a simple folder where we are trying to store all the Docker compose files. For now let's not worry about it. As a next step before I try to make some MySQL related changes. I want to delete all the changes that we have done regarding Spring cloudburst and spring cloud config monitor. The reason I don't want to carry the spring cloud bus and config monitor related changes inside our config server and other microservices is, I want to get rid of rabbitmq container as a dependency inside our microservices. There is no harm you carrying that dependency. But since we are trying to learn by building these projects and running these projects inside local system or running many containers and many dependencies inside your local system may not be a good idea. Because there are more containers, more services we are going to onboard in the coming sections. And if I try to start them, all of them, with the help of Docker compose or inside my local host, it is going to make my system slow. And I face some issues like when I'm trying to use all these containers inside my system, like my system gets load. My worry is more about the students who are going to use 8 GB Ram laptops, so their laptop is going to be slower, even more compared to 16 GB Ram. That's why since we are already clear about spring Cloud bus and Spring Cloud Monitor, we don't need to carry that rabbitmq dependency to all the future sections that we are going to discuss. I hope you are with me. So to remove the spring cloud config bus and config monitor related changes. First let's go to the config server pom.xml. Here look for the dependencies with the name spring-cloud-starter-bus-amqp and spring-cloud-config-monster. So let's remove both of them with that. We should be good from this pom.xml perspective. So let me load the maven changes. Now I'll go to the application.yml file of config server. So here I'm going to remove certain properties like you can scroll down there are rabbitmq related connection details which you have mentioned. There is no need of them, we can remove them. And apart from that we also have actuator management related properties. We can keep these properties because if needed we can refresh our configurations by manually invoking the actuator refresh API against each instance. And on top of that anyway, we need these readiness and liveness probe related configurations, so we should not be deleting them. Now I'll go to the accounts microservice pom.xml and I'll delete the dependency related to the spring-cloud-starter-bus-amqp after this I'm going to load the map changes as a next step, I'll go to my application.yml of accounts microservice. So here also I'm going to delete the properties related to the rabbitmq. Here we have rabbitmq properties so let me delete them. Now as a next step I'll do the similar changes inside the cards microservice. So let me go to the pom.xml and here delete the dependency related to the spring-cloud-starter-bus-ampq post that I'll load the maven changes followed by I'll open the application.yml file here and delete the properties related to the rabbitmq. So I have deleted the changes. Now let me do the same kind of changes inside the loans microservice. So I'm opening the pom.xml and here looking for a dependency with the name spring-cloud-starter-bus-ampq . So I have deleted this trying to load the maven changes post that I'll go to the application.yml file and here also I'm going to delete the rabbitmq related changes. So now with these changes we don't need to run the rabbitmq container inside our local system because we don't want the automatic refresh of the properties with the help of bus refresh or with the help of GitHub webhooks process that we have discussed. So now let me do a build here and it will ask me to enable the annotation processing. So I'm going to enable that. So as a next step, now if I want to delete the H2 database inside my microservices first I need to have a running MySQL database inside my local system. If you are a traditional developer or if you are working in a monolithic application, the obvious approach is you will install a MySQL server inside your local system by following all the steps and post that you will try to create that database. Once you have created the database, you will start the server and after starting the server only you can start integrating into the microservice application. But now we are smart developers. We are microservices developer who know Docker. Like I said, one of the primary advantage of Docker is, we don't have to install any component or software inside our system. With the help of Docker images, we can run any component or any dependency inside our local system as a container. And once we are done using with that software component, you can simply stop the container or delete the docker container associated to it. So that's why now I don't recommend you to installing the MySQL server manually by downloading it because it is going to take a lot of space inside your system. Then how to have a running MySQL database for my three different microservices, like I said, the best practice is to have a separate database for each of the microservice. For the same, I'm going to show you how to create a local running MySQL database inside your system with the help of Docker. So please make sure you have started the Docker because I'm going to run a Docker command, for the same we need the Docker to be running inside our local system. As a next step, I'll open the terminal. Inside the terminal, I'm going to run the command, which is Docker Run and I'm going to provide the port mapping. We know, like by default, the MySQL database is going to start at the port 3306. So the same port I want to expose to the local microservice, which is running inside my system. When I try to create a Docker container like we know it is going to run inside its own network in order to get that expose to our local network. Inside our system, we need to make sure we are exposing that with the port number like 3306. After this port mapping, I'm going to provide a name to this database that we are going to create. The name that I want to keep it here is, accounts DB because we are going to create two more DBS like loans DB and cards DB. So to differentiate between the DBS, I want to give a name here, and the name that I'm trying to give is accountsDB. Now whenever we are trying to use a MySQL Docker image to create a MySQL Docker container, we need to provide certain properties like what is the root password that you want the Docker to be considered while creating the container. So that's why by using -e, so -e indicates that I'm trying to provide an environment variable to this Docker run command. So here I'm going to mention MySQL root_password. So to this environment variable, I'm giving the value as root, which means I want the password for the root user as a root itself. So by default the root username is going to be root. I don't want to change that, but since we want to define our own password, I'm providing this environment variable. After this, I'm going to provide one more environment variable and this environment variable name is MySQL database. So like we know whenever we install a MySQL database server, you will get an empty server by default while there won't be any database or schema installed inside that database server. So that's why I want to create an my own database or schema inside this MySQL Docker container that we are going to create. So by the time my Docker container of MySQL is ready inside that I'm going to have an database with the name accounts DB. So that's why we need to mention the same. After mentioning these environment variable, I'm going to mention a flag which is -d. -d indicates I want to start this command in a detached mode and at last we need to mention what is the Docker image name of MySQL. So the Docker image name of MySQL is MySQL itself. So I hope you are clear with this command. So let me execute this command. You can see I got a containerId as an output. Now if I go and check my Docker desktop, I will be able to see a running container inside my local system with the name accounts DB. So this using MySQL Docker image and it exposes the traffic to the outside with the port 3306. Now I can connect to this database and see if my database is properly created. So to connect to this database, we need some client. So I'm going to show you here a simple client that you can use inside your laptop. There is a client with the name SqlElectron, so this is going to be a super, super lightweight application inside your system. You can click on this Download GUI option and you can download these client application into your local system and you can connect to the any database, not only the database present inside your local system, you can connect to the any database, even the database present inside the cloud also you can connect. So this SQL electron I already installed inside my system. So let me open the same, so you can see this is how it is going to look like when you open. And I'm trying to create a new connection here. So for the same, we need to click on this add and the name that I'm going to keep it here is local accounts DB. So this is the name that I want to give for this connection. You can give any name now you can see under the database type there are many databases supported by this client application. So as of now, since we are using MySQL database, I'm selecting the MySQL here and it will ask you what is the server address? So here we need to mention localhost. The reason is the database container which is running it expose itself to the outside world at the port 3306 and since it exposed into my localhost through this port I need to mention the server address as localhost. Now after giving this localhost 3306 username we should give by default the root username which is root and password we have mentioned as root inside the docker run command. The same I'm trying to mention here. After this you can click on this test button which will show whether the connection is successful or not. So now I'm clicking on the Save. After this, I'm going to click on this connect button. Now you can see I have an accounts database created inside that Docker container MySQL database server. As of now, this database is empty, does not have any tables. We're going to create those tables, don't worry. So now I have a MySQL database ready inside my local system that supports my accounts microservice. With a single command, I'm able to achieve this. It didn't even take 10s. Whereas if you compare with the traditional approach, it is going to take a lot of time and a lot of space inside your local system. In real projects we usually don't install a MySQL inside our local system. The project infra team, they will deploy into a dev server or QA server and they'll ask us to use the same inside our local code. But since right now we are trying to learn the microservice everything on our own. So I want to show you a way on how you can create these MySQL databases very easily with the help of Docker. So that's what I'm trying to achieve here. So now my accounts microservice database is ready. As a next step, I want to create database for crads microservice and loans microservice. Do you know what is the process? We need to run the same command, but this time we need to change certain variables. So first I want to change the MySQL database from accounts DB to loans DB because I want this container to act as a database for the loans microservice. After this MySQL root password, I'll keep it as root only and the name I'm going to change is to loans. DB the container name. Now if I try to run this command, I'll get an error. Let's see what is the error. You can see it failed to start because inside my local system, 3306 port is already being used by the accounts database. So that's why I should expose the loans database into my local system with a different port number. So let's try to change my port number here. The port number I'm going to mention here is 3307. So now if I try to start this container, it is throwing me an error saying that container name already exists. It seems the previous command created a container, but it never exposed the traffic to the outside world because 3306 is already being used. So what we can do here is we can delete this container which is created with the previous command. So let me delete this. Now I can execute my Docker command. So the command this time is going to be successful. Like you can see, I'm getting the container ID as an output. With this, you may have some question like I'm using the same 3306 for loans and accounts microservice. Then why Docker is not complaining? Like you said, each container will have its own ecosystem, will have its own isolated network. That's why since these loans DB and accounts DB They are two different containers. It is going to work perfectly. Whereas when we try to expose to the outside world, the outside world is our local system. Inside the local system, 3306 we are already using for accounts DB and we cannot use the same file loans DB. That's why we need to correct that only the first port number and we don't have to correct the second port number, which is Docker internal port number. I hope you are clear with this discussion. Now let's try to create the cards related database. So I'm going to change the MySQL database to cards database and after that the password, I'm going to keep it as same value like root and the name of the container, I'm going to change to cards DB. And here we need to change to a different port number. So this time I'm going to use 3308. So if I try to run this command, you can see I have a new container running inside my local system, which is cards database related to cards microservice. Here we have three different MySQL databases running. Let me try to create the connection of these loans database and cards database inside my SQL Electron. For the same, I'm going to click on this logout option and post that I'm going to click on Add. And the name of the connection is going to be local loans database and database type is going to be MySQL and the host is going to be localhost. And the port number we need to mention 3307 because the loans database container it exports to the outside world at the port 3307. After this, the user is going to be root and the password also is going to be root. And I can click on this test and the test connection is successful post that I'm going to click on the save button. Now, if I try to connect to the database, you can see the loans database is created during the creation of the Docker container. Very similarly, I'm going to create a new connection for cards database also. So LocalCardsDatabase, database type is MySQL and host is going to be localhost. And the port. What is the value? Tell me what is the port number we need to mention here? 3306 or 3308. Yeah, we need to mention 3308. Now the username is going to be root and the password is going to be root. And I'm clicking on this test. The connection is successful and post that I'm saving the connection and I'll confirm whether the cards database is created, it is created. With this we have three different MySQL containers running inside our local system. As a next step, we need to make code changes inside our microservice to use these MySQL containers instead of H2 database. So let's try to discuss the same inside the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.