Inside this lecture, let's try to connect our microservices with the local running MySQL database. So first I'm going to make changes inside the accounts microservice. So let me go to the pom.xml and here first we need to delete the H2 related dependency because whenever my spring boot sees H2 database inside the pom.xml, it is going to do some initializations during the startup and it will try to use the same. So that's why let me delete these dependency. Instead of this dependency, we need to use a dependency which is com.mysql and the artifactId is going to be mysql-connector-j. So this is the groupId and this is the artifactId  we need to mention whenever we are trying to use MySQL related database inside our spring boot application. So once I have mentioned these changes, so let me save them and load the maven changes. I'll try to copy the same dependency inside other microservices like I'll go to the cards microservice and open the pom.xml in the place of H2 database. I'm going to mention the new dependency and load the Maven changes and let me do the same for loans as well. So here also we have H2 database, so I'm going to delete the same and replace it with the MySQL database and our config server is not using any database. That's why we're not going to make any changes. As a next step, I need to go to my application.Yml file of accounts microservice. So inside the application.Yml file. As of now we have mentioned properties related to the H2 database. Like as of now you can see the URL, everything, they are pointing to the H2 database. Now instead of this URL, I'm going to mention my own URL related to MySQL database. So for the same the prefix should be Jdbc colon and in the place of H2, I'm going to mention MySQL followed by Colon, and after the colon I'm going to mention two forward slashes and what is our hostname. Since we have the database running inside our local system, we need to mention the hostname as localhost. For the accounts database, the port number is going to be 3306 and after the port number we need to mention what is the database schema name or what is the database name that we want our application to connect with or to use to store the data. Like we know we have created a database with the name accounts DB. So some people, they call it as database and some people they call it as schema name. So regardless of what name we use, I'm trying to mention the same value here which we have mentioned while trying to create that Docker container. So the name is accounts DB. After this, we don't have to mention these driver class name, we can remove these and username is going to be root and the password is going to be root. So in real microservices you can use that database credentials of development, database or qa database, but no one is going to expose the actual credentials of your production database by hardcoding them inside the application.yml, instead they're going to use the externalized approaches like environment variable, CLI arguments, JVM system variables or inside the docker compose also, they have an option to mention these URL username and password. The approach when we use Kubernetes is going to be different. So inside Kubernetes there are concepts like config maps and secrets. Using them we are going to provide the sensitive credentials like database credentials to the container during the startup. For now, since we are using the local database hardcoding the username and password along with the URL details inside the application.yml should be fine. Later on I'll show you how to provide these values using environment variables and Docker compose. After mentioning the password, I can remove all these history related properties followed by. We can remove this database platform and after this we can also remove hibernate:ddl-auto:update. We don't need that for MySQL database, but we can keep show SQL as true so that we can see the executed SQL inside the console. So now with this we should be good. But there is one more property which we need to mention. Like if you see, as of now we have mentioned the database table related information inside the schema.sql . In the case of H2 database during the startup, my spring boot automatically look for the SQL file with the name schema.sql and execute all the tables that we have mentioned inside this SQL file. But with the MySQL database or any other real database, the spring boot will not follow the same behavior. It will expect the developers to have the completely created database available by the time the spring boot application is trying to start. But at the same time here, we don't want these scripts or tables to be executed manually. Whenever I'm trying to create a new container or a new database. So to overcome this challenge, there is a property that we can mention. The property is, under the JPA I'm going to mention a new element which is SQL under the SQL init,  after the init I'm going to mention the element mode and to this mode I'm going to pass a value which is always. So with this I'm telling to my spring boot. Please always try to execute the scripts that I have mentioned inside the schema.sql. You can see here I'm trying to use a script which is if not exist, so my spring boot framework will only create the table if it is not available inside my MySQL database. Maybe during the very first time the table will be created and from next time onwards, if I'm using the same Docker container, my spring boot is not going to create these tables because I have mentioned these If not exist. If you don't have this, if not exist, then you are going to get an error during the startup that it tried to create the tables, but they are already present. So to avoid that, please make sure your script has this if not exist. So now we have made all the changes inside the MySQL database, so let me save these changes as a next step. I'll go to the loans Micro service and cards microservice. Before that, I'll try to copy all this data source and JPA related properties So let me copy these properties. Now I'll go to the cards microservice and open the application.yml. So here I'm going to select the data source and all the JPA related properties and delete them. Instead, I'm going to mention the copied values from the accounts database, but here we need to make sure they are well formatted. Like in the accounts database. The format seems looks good to me. As a next step, we just need to change the data source URL. So for the cads microservice we are using the port 3308 and the database name is going to be cards DB. So now as a next step, let me go to the loans microservice and open the application.yml. So here also I'm going to follow the same procedure. So I'll try to select all the data source, H2 and JPA related properties and delete them and paste the new properties that we have created. And here the port number should be 3307 and the database name is going to be loans database. So with these changes we should be good. Let me do a bill after the bill first, I'll try to start the config server because our micro service has dependency on the config server. That's why I'm going to first trying to start the config server once the config server is started successfully. So here I'm trying to start the accounts application. Now let me go to the cards application and try to start the same inside the debug mode after the carts application. Obviously the next microservice that we need to start is loans microservice. Here I'm trying to start my loans application in a debug mode. Now all my microservices are started successfully. First, let me go and check how the database is looking like. Here I have three different connections. First, let me try to connect to the accounts database. Now, under this accounts database, our accounts DB schema, we should have that tables created during the startup. So let me open this. But to my surprise, there are no tables, so let me see what is the issue inside our application.yml file. Here I made a mistake. This sql.init.mode always should be under the data source element, so I need to move these elements one step back. So now you can see these SQL is present under the data source, so please make sure the property key is spring.datasource.sql.init.mode as always. Previously it was present inside the JPA. That's why my spring boot didn't recognize that. So with this the issue should get resolved. So let me save these changes and do the similar set of change inside cards application.yml and loans application.yml. So now I have corrected these inside all my microservices. Let me do a build and I'll try to restart all of my microservices. So first I'll try to restart my AccountsApplication post that I will try to restart my LoansApplication followed by CardsApplication. We don't have to restart the config server because there are no changes inside it. Now I'll go to my database and I'll try to reconnect again. First, I'm trying to connect to the local accounts database and here if I open this, this time you can see we have the two tables created like accounts and customer, which we have defined inside the schema.sql of Accounts Microservice. Now let me log off and try to connect to this local loans database. The same behavior we should be seeing here, inside the loans database you can see there is a table created with the name loans, the same we can confirm now inside the local cards database, inside the cards database also, we have a table created. With these our microservices, they are connected to the local MySQL database. So let me test a few scenarios inside my postman. So here, inside my postman under Microservices, I'm going to open the account. And inside this we have create account. So I'm trying to create a new account with this mobile number. So let me submit this request and getting a successful response and using the same mobile number, I'm going to create a new card by using the createCard API. So I'm trying to submit this request. A new card is created. I'll also do the same for loans microservice. So here I'm trying to click the Create loan and this one also, you can see we are getting a successful response. Let's try to validate if these changes are saved into the database. As of now, I'm inside the cards database, so let me try to click on this cards and you can see these are the card details that we have submitted and all of them are getting saved here. As a next step, I can confirm the same for loans database. Also inside the loans database, we have loans table and if I try to run this, you can see we have the data saved into the database. Now, let me confirm for accounts database and the accounts database also, we have two tables. First is customer where the customer details are stored followed by account details. So let me confirm the accounts details also. So the account also created successfully. This confirms our microservices are able to talk with the local running database containers and they're able to save the data. Since right now we are using the Docker containers. Whenever you delete this container, all the data that you saved inside this particular database will be lost forever because this works very similar to local installation. Whenever you install your MySQL inside your local system and stored data, you will be able to see it. But someday, if you try to uninstall your MySQL installation, then all the data will be lost. Very similarly, you need to make sure these containers you're not deleting them. You can stop them but don't delete them. If you delete them, you will lose the data. So that's a catch here. I can also show a demo if you want, for example, first let me stop all the running microservice. So I'm trying to stop accounts application and similarly I'm trying to stop loans application followed by cards application. Now here I'm going to stop the accounts database loans, database and cards database. As of now, all my containers are in stopped status. Now, if I try to start my microservices, definitely they will throw an error that they are not able to connect to my container to show you a demo. What I can do here is I can try to delete the cards database container. So let me hard delete this. And this means I'm losing this container forever. Whereas the other two containers I will try to restart them. Like right now they are in stop status. I'm trying to start them, but we don't have cards database. We need to create it again. So let me go to the terminal. Here I'm trying to run the command related to cards database and it is going to expose at the port 3308. So let me execute this and this will create a new container with the name cards database. And now all of them are running. The output that we can expect here is, all the data related to accounts, database loans database should be there, whereas cards database data will not be there. So I can also show you that physically inside the SQL Electron. So let me log out first let me show you the cards database and connect to the cards database. You can see there are no tables itself. The data, the tables, all that we have created will be lost because we had deleted the container. Whereas if you go and check any of the accounts or loans database, you should be able to see that data still because you just restarted the containers. The data that you stored inside the container is never lost. As long as you are maintaining that inside your Docker server, even if you restart your laptop or Docker server, the data and the container will not be lost. So now let's try to start our microservices. So here I'm trying to start accounts application followed by cards application and at last I'm trying to start loans application. So let me go to the Postman Inside the Postman. This time I'm going to run only the fetch API. And at the accounts there is a fetch account details. So let me open that and try to send the same mobile number and you should get the response because the data is stored inside the database. I can run this fetch card details. This time I will not get any output because all the data that we saved is lost because we had deleted the container, whereas with loans it should work perfectly. You can see we are getting the output. I hope you are seeing the drawback that we have whenever we are using the Docker containers inside our local system. It has both advantages and disadvantages. You can always spin up the database very quickly, but we need to make sure the container is never deleted. Even if you delete by mistake, you are going to lose the data forever. So please have this information and accordingly use the docker MySQL containers. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.