As of now, inside our local system, our microservices, they are able to connect with the MySQL database containers that we have created. But when you try to run your microservices in a container environment like Docker Compose or Kubernetes, whatever properties we have mentioned inside the application.yml, they are not going to work. Because we have hardcoded the hostname as localhost. That's why whenever we are using Docker compose file or whenever we are trying to deploy our microservices in a Kubernetes environment, we should provide these data source URL, username and password using environment variables. Inside this lecture I'm going to update our Docker compose files and using the Docker compose file, we are going to start all our database containers along with the microservices and we'll establish a communication link between them so that they can communicate with each other. For the same, first, I'll try to stop all my running microservices instances. Along with that, I'm also going to stop all my running containers and delete them because we need to create these containers with the help of Docker compose, but not by running the Docker commands manually. So let me delete them. Now, I don't have any containers inside my system. As a next step before I try to change the Docker compose file. First, we need to regenerate the Docker images based upon the latest changes that we have done inside our microservices. We have removed the history dependencies and we have added the MySQL dependencies and the properties. That's why we need to regenerate the images based upon the changes that we have done inside this section. So first let me go to the pom.xml and here I'll change the tag name from S6 to S7 I'll do the same for all type of applications that we have, like inside cards also, I'm going to open the pom.xml. I will rename the tag name from S6 to S7 and refresh the maven changes. Now let me do the same for config server. Technically we don't have to regenerate the docker image for config server, but to be consistent, I'm trying to mention the same tag name even inside the config server. So now let me do the same for loans as well. Inside the loans I'm going to update the tag name from S6 to S7. So with this all our pom.xml are in good shape. As a next step, I need to go to the terminal and generate the Docker image. I have opened a new terminal inside the section 7 folder. Here I need to go inside the accounts microservice. So to generate the docker image for accounts microservice I'm going to run the command docker compile jib:dockerBuild B B capital letter. So before I try to run this command, let me make sure to delete all the existing Docker images inside my local system. So inside my desktop, I'm going to the images and I look for all the section 6 related images. So I'm trying to delete them just to get some space inside my local system. So please regularly delete unused images, unused containers inside your local system also. So that you get new storage and new memory inside your local system. And with that, your system will work fine even if you try to start multiple containers with the Docker compose command. So I'm trying to run this command. So this will generate a new Docker image for accounts microservice. So the Docker image is generated successfully. Now let me go back to the parent folder and navigate to the Cards folder. Inside Cards folder also, I'm going to run the same command using the pom.xml, it is going to generate a new Docker image for cards microservice. So the cards microservice docker generation also completed. Now I'm going inside loans microservice. So from the loans microservice also I'm going to run the same command maven compile jib dockerBuild. And with this we have all the microservices Docker images. As a last step, let me generate the Docker image for config server. So let me go inside the config server and from the config server folder I'm going to run the Maven, compile jib dockerBuild command. With this, we should have all the Docker images inside our local system. You can confirm the same by looking the images here inside the Docker desktop. Later on I will push them into my Docker hub repository. I would also recommend you to push your own Docker hub repository so that they are stored inside a centralized repository. So now we need to update the Docker compose file. For the same, I'm opening this docker compose. First, let's try to update the Docker compose file present inside the default folder. So let me open this, here first we no more needed these rabbit related service because right now we have reverted all the spring cloud base related changes. So let me remove this and instead of this service, I'm going to create three different services, one for accounts database, and second one for loans database and third one for the cards database. So the service name, I'm going to keep it as accounts DB. To this service, we want to use the image which is MySQL itself and the container name we can use as accounts DB itself. And after the container name, we need to mention the ports mapping for the same I need to invoke the ports and here for the accounts database we need to mention that 3306 and 3306 after the port mapping, I'm going to mention the health check details and how to test the health of these accounts database. Once these accounts database is completely started, then only I should try to start my accounts microservice. Since we have that kind of dependency, we need to define health check details so that my docker compose can try to start my accounts microservice only after accounts database becomes healthy. And the test command that we need to mention here is, inside the square brackets I need to give these values with these command I'm trying to tell to my docker, please run this ping command where it is trying to ping the host with the value localhost. Whenever it gets a successful response. That means the health of this container is healthy. You can get all these health check commands from the official documentation. You can always look inside the web like what is a health check command for the MySQL docker container? Similarly, if you are using some other Docker image like for Oracle or Redis, you can always look for these health check related commands inside the official documentation. So after this test command, I'll try to mention timeout as 10s. So it has to wait only 10s. Within the 10s, if it is not getting the response for the ping, it will consider it as failure. And I also want to mention retries. So retries I will mention as 10 times and apart from this timeout and retries, we can also mention this interval and start period. I can say interval as 10s and similarly I can mention start period as 10s. So with this we have defined the health check details. After the health check details, I also want to provide some environment variables for my accounts database container. And these environment variables are like MySQL root password and MySQL database. We pass the similar set of environment variables when we are trying to create the container with the help of Docker run command. So the same I'm trying to mention. Now we are creating a container, as a next step we need to make sure that this container is tagged to the same network where the other containers are trying to start. Then only they can communicate with each other with the help of service name. Otherwise, the communication between our microservices and the database containers will not happen. For the same, what we can do is, we can take this extends configuration from the config and I'm going to mention the same inside the accounts database. So here instead of microservice based config, we need to mention network related config. So let me open the common config for the microservice based config we are going to pass the deploy resources limit and spring Rabbitmq host which is not needed for MySQL database. That's why we can simply extend this service which is network deploy service. So let me copy this value post that, I'll go to the Docker compose file and I'll mention the same here. So with this now my accounts database is ready. Very similarly, I need to create loans, database and cards database. So let me copy this entire configurations and here I'm going to paste the accounts DB related configurations. And since we have the duplicate service name, it is throwing an error. So let's try to fix all these errors. I'll change the service name as loans database and the container name also, I'm going to keep it as loans database and health check can be same, but the port mapping please make sure we are exposing using 3307 and post that MySQL database should be loans database and everything else is going to be same. So now let me do the same by taking these values and paste the same again here. So here I'm going to rename this to Cards database and I'll also change the container name and the port number to 3308 for cars database and the MySQL database should be cards database. So with this we should be good, but we need to establish a link between our microservices and with these database containers. For the same, if you go to the common-config.yaml here already all the microservices like accounts, loans and cards, they are already using these microservice-configserver-config. That's why in the same place I'm going to create new environment variables,SPRING_DATASOURCE_USERNAME and similarly SPRING_DATASOURCE_PASSWORD. So these credentials we set as of now the same values for all microservices. That's why we don't have to repeat these environment variables again and again inside the docker-compose.yaml file. The other important environment variable that we need to mention inside our microservices is, we need to mention the data source URL details. So since that database URL is going to different for different microservices. We need to create a separate environment property variable inside each of the microservices. So just after the spring application name environment variable, I'm going to create a new environment variable which is, SPRING_DATASOURCE_URL to this environment variable, I'm going to pass the complete endpoint details of my database. You can get this value from the application.yml itself. Like you can take this complete value and mention the same inside the docker compose file. But here the communication will not happen with the help of localhost. Instead, the communication between the containers will happen with the help of service name that we have created. Here what is the service name for accounts database? It is the same as accounts database. So let me replace the localhost with accounts database. So with this now my accounts microservice should be able to connect with the database accounts database container. Now let me take the same environment variable and mention the same for loans. But here instead of 3306 we need to mention 3307 and instead of accounts db, the service name should be loans DB. And the same applies for the database name. So let me copy this value again and mention the same under the cards and here 3308 is the correct port number. After the port number we should change the service name also, which is cards database. Now after the host name, I'm going to change the database name as well. Now the link establishment between the microservice containers and database containers is completed. The next configuration that we need to do here is, we need to communicate to the Docker compose that my individual microservices are depend on the accounts database or loans database, our cards database respectively. So for the same just after our environment variables, we can create one more element which is depends_on after depends_on, I'm going to go to the next line and mention the service name as accounts database and the condition is service healthy. The Docker compose has to make sure the accounts database is started and its health is fine before it is trying to attempt the accounts microservice. So now let me do the same for loans, microservice also. So just after the environment variables I'm going to mention that depends on details here, but here instead of accounts DB we need to mention what is the name of loans? So loans DB is a service name on which my loans microservice is going to depend. Let me take this value and mention the same inside the cards as well. So here instead of loans DB we need to mention the service name as cards DB. So with this all our docker compose file changes are completed. But if you see here, there is a lot of repetitive information inside my accounts database like image name, health check and MySQL root password. So these information is repeated inside my Docker compose file. So that's why I can try to move this to common-config.yml. So here what I can do is, I can try to create a new service that extends network deploy service. So let me create a new service and the service name I can keep it as microservice-db-config and this is going to extend network deploy service. And here I'm going to mention all the repetitive information like image. It will be MySQL for all of my database containers. And very similarly I'll try to get the other values. Like port mapping is unique and container name is unique. We can take these health check details along with the MySQL root password. So let me take all these values and mention inside the common_config.yml. So here I'm just mentioning all those details. Now we can try to extend these microservice DB config inside our docker-compose.yml file under accounts db, loans db and cards db. So before that I can try to remove all the duplicate information like health check details I can remove and MySQL root password I can remove. And here the service name should be microservice-db-config. So let me do the same for loans microservice. So I'm just removing the image followed by health check details followed by MySQL root password. And I'm changing the service name. Let me do the similar changes for cards database also very quickly, I'm deleting the health check details here followed by MySQL root password and updating these service name to microservice DB config. So with these changes we should be good. I'm going to make the very similar changes inside the qa and prod docker compose files also. With this all the required changes we have done inside the Docker compose file in the next lecture, let's try to validate this docker-compose file changes by issuing a docker compose command. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.