So now at this point in the course where you learned about more advanced React features and techniques, it's again time to practice what you learned and to put all these different concepts to work in a concrete example. And therefore, in this course section here, we are going to build another complete example project, a food order app which allows users to browse different meals, add those meals to a cart, edit those meals in the cart, and then proceed to a checkout form where they can then finally, in the end, submit that order to a dummy backend. And whilst I'll provide the backend code to you, since this is no backend development course, we'll build the entire front end from the ground up step by step. Because that's the idea behind this section, to build this complete project from the ground up. To build and configure components. To work with state and context and see when we need what. To manage and send HTTP requests and side effects. And to simply use all these features we covered over the last lectures and really over the entire course. However, I also got a challenge for you. Definitely try building this application, this project on your own without my help. As mentioned, I'll provide that dummy backend to you and indeed, therefore attached you'll find this starting project. Again, both a local and a CodeSandbox version. If you're using the local version, you'll need to run NPM install once to install all the dependencies of this project. And you'll also need to do that in the backend folder once. And then once you run NPM install in these two different places, you'll need to run NPM start in the backend folder and keep that process up and running. And then also switch back to the main project folder and run NPM run dev to start that development server off the front end. And then you should keep both processes up and running as long as you are working on the project. If you are following along on CodeSandbox, you don't need to do either of that. But with that starting project set up, my challenge for you is that you do build this application from the ground up, that you do add all those components, that you do add the code to fetch dummy meals data, that you do add the code to manage that cart and submit those orders to the dummy backend. That you really build everything except for the backend on your own. Now, in that starting project, you'll also find an index CSS file, which you of course also can use as inspiration to get an idea of which components you might want to add or which areas on the website you might to add. But of course, you can also write all these styles on your own. That is totally up to you. But this challenge, of course, is a great opportunity for you to apply what you learned in a realistic project. Though I also want to make it clear that this here is definitely a difficult challenge and that there will be more than one solution. There won't be a single right solution. Instead, there will be dozens of possible solutions. So simply take this as a challenge to find your solution and take the remaining lectures in this section where I will walk you through my solution as an opportunity to compare your solution to mine or to simply follow along and practice working with React if you don't wanna try this challenge on your own. That's of course also absolutely fine.