So let's now work on this project together and let's build this food order app together. Now for this, I am in that starting project which you found attached to the previous lecture. And the question, of course is, given this task here or this challenge, where should you start? And the answer of course is that generally it's up to you how to start with such a project but I personally like to start by building the core components and the core user interface. And then I gradually add more and more features. Now, if this would be a totally new project where I wouldn't have shown you the final result in advance, I of course typically would start by sketching it out and planning which components I need. But since I did already show you what the finished project should look like, we can simply use that as a sketch and as a starting point. And if you take a look at this finished project you of course can see that in there we got that meals area, we got all these meals items that are being loaded from a backend, as you learned here in the challenge description, we of course also got a basic header at the top which has this cart button which we can press to open the cart and that cart, as you saw, opens in a modal. And in that modal we then see which items we have in the cart. We can edit them and we can proceed to the checkout if we have items in the cart. And there we then got a checkout form. That's essentially it. But of course these are a couple of components which we'll need and therefore I'd suggest that we maybe start by adding the header. So let's start simple. Let's add a simple component. Let's add a header. And let's then as a next step work on the meals so that we can load and display those meals before we then thereafter work on this cart feature and on this checkout feature. And again, that's just one way of doing it but it is the approach I'll follow in my solution here. Therefore, I'll start by adding a components folder in that source folder. And in there I'll add a Header.jsx file so that we can build this header component. And it's always great to start with a basic simple component like this, because that quickly gives you that feeling of success, I guess. So in here we can and should export a component function named header. And this component function, at least right now, doesn't need any complex logic or any state or anything like that. Instead here we just need to return some JSX code. And I will return a header element, the built-in header element, in which I want to have a div which should contain an image and my H1 title. And then below that div, I'll add another element, let's say a paragraph for example or a nav element maybe since in there I then want to have a button which will later open my cart. And later we'll also show the number of cart items next to this text. And of course, this number will be dynamic, but for a start I'll simply use this hard-coded number zero here. But of course, this header here is not finished. If we take a look at the index CSS file, which I provided to you, which can be a great place to get some ideas regarding components you could build or elements you might need, you'll see that in there I got some CSS rules where I'm looking for a main header ID on some element. And then in there I'm looking for some nested element with a title ID, which also then at some point seems to hold an image. And of course, this rule here, or these rules, are all about the header we're currently building. So I'll add an ID prop here to my header element and set this to main dash header so that we get that styling that is set up here in the index CSS file on this header. On this div here, I'll add an ID of title so that, for example, this rule where I target an image in that title works. And with that, we should have some basic styling. Now the title which I wanna have here is ReactFood in my case. But of course you can give your fictional food order shop here any name you want. And for the image, I'll use this logo, which I provided as part of the starting project. So here in Header.jsx we can import this logo image by going up one level, diving into the assets folder and targeting logo.jpg. And then as you learned earlier in the course we can set the source of this image to this imported image which will be a path to the optimized image file. And then give it all text where I'll just say a restaurant or something like this. So that's now my basic header component. And we can now use this header component in the app component because that's of course our root component as it is in most React projects. Here we can get rid of this H1 element and all that dummy content that was in there and instead output our custom header component for which it must be imported from the Header.jsx file. And that's it. Yay, that's our first component added and therefore, if we visit our development website and take a look at this preview this is what you should see on the screen. Not amazing yet, not beautiful yet. The button styling is off, for example. And of course, all the meals are missing. But a great first step.