Now of course adding this header was relatively simple and straightforward because it's just a very simple component. Now things are going to get a bit more complex because now I want to display my meals. And for that, I'll add another new component here in the Components folder, which I'll name Meals.jsx. And the idea here of course is that in the end, we load that meal data from that dummy backend. There will have that meals endpoint which handles GET requests and which then will return us this dummy meal data which lives on that dummy backend. So we'll need to send a request to that from inside the Meals component and then output the meal items. For that in Meals.jsx, I'll start by exporting that Meals component function. And then here I'll return an unordered list. An unordered list with an id of meals, because again, if you take a look at the index.css file, in there you will find such a rule that's looking for meals and that's indeed intended to be used on that list that will display the meals. Now of course, the list alone isn't too helpful. We also need items in that list. And for that in turn, we need data. So we need to send such a HTTP request to the backend. Now, as I just mentioned, we'll need to send a GET request to /meals on the backend and therefore, we'll need to write some code to do that. In this course, you learned that you can send an HTTP request by using the builtin fetch function. This function takes the URL of the server to which you want to send a request as an input. And here that's http://localhost:3000. And then it's /meals because again that is the endpoint we have to target. Now, you could configure this request and for example change the request method, but GET is already the default and we also don't need to send any other information and therefore I'll just send a request like this. As you also learned in this course, fetch then returns a promise and you can use the then method to define a function that will be executed when that promise resolves when you gut back a response. Alternatively, you could use async await, but you must not convert your component function into a async function because that's not allowed by React. Therefore, in order to handle this request, we could use then or wrap this into a separate function which we could name fetchMeals. This can now be an async function because it's now a standard function inside of the component function. And if we now move that code in here, we can, therefore, use await to get our response like this. Now that response then might be an error response because maybe the request failed, maybe something went wrong on the server and therefore, we should check if the response is not OK, if it has a 400-ish or 500 ish status code in which case we probably should do something. And we also probably should do something if sending the request fails, for example because there is no internet connection. So we might wanna wrap this with try catch. Though, we'll do that a little bit later because for the moment, I want to keep it simple and just send this request and expect that we do get back a valid response. That's also why we'll add this code here later. So to use that data, which we expect to get back, we can and should now call response.json because this dummy backend here, will send back its data in JSON format. So using this JSON data format and therefore, to extract that data and convert it to JavaScript objects and values, we must use the JSON method on that response object. And since this also yields a promise as you can see here we can and should also await this so that we in the end get back our response data which of course should then be those meals. So we could also name that meals here, because again if we take another look at that dummy backend, you see that it's in the end just the meals loaded from some file that are being sent back to the front end. And with that, we'll have our meals. The next step now is to update the UI with that meals data. And of course, since we're awaiting a response and the extraction of the data, it makes sense that the meals data will not be available instantly when this component function is executed. Instead, there will very likely be some delay even if it's just a couple of milliseconds. Therefore, the meals will not be there initially and therefore, we should manage them as some state so that we initially have no meals and we render a UI without meals data. And then once the meals data arrived, we update the UI with that new data. And hence we should use the useState hook here in this Meals component and import useState from React. And then here, start with an empty array. Since this should be that Meals state or that loadedMeals state to make it very clear that that meals data will not be there initially. Initially it's always this empty array but then then here in line 13 we'll have the meals. And therefore, after loading those meals, we can update the loadedMeals state by calling setLoadedMeals to set the loadedMeals equal to the meals we got back from the backend. And with that, we'll update this state and we can now output the meal data down there. And for the moment, to keep this relatively simple, I'll just use this loadedMeals state and map every meals item into a list item which gets a key that should be meal.id because every dummy meal I'm providing on the backend will have an ID which we can access. And then every meal also has a name, a price, a description and an image. And for now I'll just output the name. So back here in Meals.jsx, between those list item tags I'll output meal.name just so that we can see whether this works or not. Now, at the moment, it'll definitely not work though because we have all this logic for fetching the meals and for updating the state inside of this fetchMeals function here, which we never call anywhere. And therefore, at the moment, this code will never get executed. Now of course we could now call it here in the component function, but you learned before in this course that, this is not the best idea. It's not a great idea because if we call this function here in the component function, obviously this code here will be executed. And the problem with that is that in this code, we're updating the state. Now what happens if you update the state? Write the component function to which this state belongs is executed again. So therefore, the Meals component function would be executed again, this line of code here would be executed again and therefore, of course this code would run again, the state would be set again and we'd end up in an infinite loop, which we definitely don't want because that would crash our application. And that's why for situations like this, where we have a side effect that would cause an infinite loop, we should use the useEffect hook about which you also learned earlier in the course. This hook allows us to run side effects after the component rendered, and it also allows us to define a dependencies array that controls when exactly the side effect function will run. So, therefore, we can now import useEffect from React and define this effect function here, and then we can move this fetchMeals function and the call to this function into this effect function. Now, we could also leave this fetchMeals function outside of this effect function, but then we would have to add it as a dependency because we're now using something in the effect That's defined outside of the effect. And we then might have to use useCallback here to avoid that disk changes every time the component function is re-executed. And it's just a lot of unnecessary work since this fetchMeals function is only used in this effect function anyways. So moving it into this effect function is the simplest way of dealing with this. And therefore, now we also execute this code here after the component function executed. But if we got no dependencies or if we got dependencies that never change, this code will never execute again and therefore, we won't have an infinite loop. Now indeed here, we don't have to add any dependencies because this effect function here, is now not using any external props or state or any other values that could change across renders. The only external thing it's using, is the set loadedMeals function, which is provided by the useState hook and which is guaranteed by React to never change. Therefore, this should work like this and we should successfully load our meals. To now see this an action, we of course have to go to the App component and in there, add our Meals component which must be imported from the Meals.jsx file. And if we then save this and reload our page, we should see that meals data here. Obviously, at the moment, just the names because at the moment we're not outputting anything else but this proves that fetching this data works. And that's of course a huge step into the right direction.