So now that we're able to successfully fetch that meals data, a good next step would be to output more meal details here on this screen, to also show the description, the image, and so on. And for that, since that will be quite some markup to add I'll add a brand new component here, which is optional, you could also add that markup which I'm about to add in a new component here in the meals component in that list item here, but I'll add a new component instead which I'll name MealItem.jsx. And the idea then simply is that in the Meals.jsx file we output a bunch of meal items, basically one meal item per loaded meal. So in the MealItem.jsx file we can, again, export a default component function, MealItem, and then in here, for the moment, I simply wanna return the markup that should define such a meal item in that list of meals. So every meal item should be a list item here for a start, and on every list item here I wanna have a CSS class of meal-item. And I'm adding this class here, of course, because in index.css you'll find this class being selected in CSS rules, and those rules then will make sure that those items look good. And you also see some related rules, for example, that we seem to have an article in every meal item, at least here in the CSS code I provided to you. Therefore here, I'll actually wrap an article element around all the other content that makes up a meal item, and I'll then start by outputting an image. And of course, the source of that image should now be received as an input to that component as a prop, therefore, because of course the meal data lives in the meals jsx file, and we kind of need to pass that data to the meal item component. So here we should definitely expect to get some props and it's now up to you, whether you expect to get a name prop, a price prop, an image prop, and so on, or if you expect to get a single meal prop, which then contains all these different fields as properties. That really comes down to preference, and here I will go for this single meal prop and, therefore, the source of my image here will be meal.image. And it will be meal image because in that dummy backend data, you'll see that every meal has a image property, and then also a description, price, name and ID. So back in MealItem.jsx we can now also set the alt text of that image maybe to meal.name, and then below that image output the title of the meal, though for styling purposes I'll wrap that into a div. And then here, between those h3 three tags, I'll output meal.name. Below that I then wanna have a paragraph where I output the price, and for that here I'll give this a class name of meal-item-price, again, another class you'll find in the CSS file, and then here we can output that meal price, though, I'll make sure to format it in a second, but for the moment I'll just output it like this and then below that have another paragraph where we can output the meal description. This paragraph should also receive a CSS class of meal-item-description. So this is taking shape, as a last step, already, below this div here I'll add another paragraph which will receive a class name of meal-item-actions where I wanna add a button which should allow me to add this meal to the cart. Of course, at the moment the button won't do anything but that will change in the future. And that's how such a meal item could look like. Now we can go back to Meals.jsx and use that meal item there. Instead of outputting those list items here, I'll output my meal items which I just added. And every meal item should of course receive a key which still can be meal.id, and then, in my case, since I'm expecting that single meal prop here, every meal item should also get this meal prop which can be set equal to the meal we're getting here in that loop. Of course, you also must make sure that the meal item is imported from MealItem.jsx, and with that out of the way, if you reload you should see something like this on the screen. And, as you can see, clearly the images are missing. Now they are missing because in my backend data I just got a relative path to those images seen relative from on the backend, But we're now loading those images from the frontend. So we in the end need to prepend this image path here on the frontend by also adding the backend URL. And for this we can use the template literal feature provided by JavaScript by using backticks here, so not single quotes but backticks, which allows us to easily create a string where parts of that string are dynamic. And I'll start with the hard-coded part which is that backend URL, localhost:3000/, and then thereafter I'll inject meal.image which is that image path that's different for every meal. And now by making this change here, by changing the image source like this, if we now save this we should also see those images here, and that's already looking a lot better, I'd say. I'm already getting hungry here. And therefore we made another huge step forward, and as a next step we could therefore start working on the cart, but I'm not going to do that. Instead, what about these buttons here? I'd argue they don't look that great, and that's therefore what I'd like to change first along with that price formatting here, before we then start working on the cart.