So let's work on the buttons next. And for that I'll add a separate UI sub folder in my components folder, since I have a couple of components in this app here that are basically just core generic UI building blocks. Of course, all components in the end are UI building blocks but there are certain building blocks like buttons that are needed all over the place. And I'll put such components into that UI folder, which is just a convention I personally like to follow but not a convention you have to adopt. But here I'll add a new Button.jsx file in that UI folder. And here we can then export this Button component function. And here, of course, I wanna return the default button, but now styled in a certain way. Now for that, we of course also will need to accept some props because I want to accept the children prop, for example so that we can still use this custom button like the built-in button and wrap it around the text that should be output on the button. And of course, you learned that if you wrap a custom component around something, around some text or JSX code, that text or JSX code will be received through that built in children prop. And it's therefore this children prop which I also want to use here to output that content which is passed between my button tags between these button tags. But that's just one thing I want. In addition, I also want to support different kinds of buttons with different styles. I basically want to have buttons that have a background color and that look like big buttons on the screen. And then I also wanna have text only buttons which in the end is just some clickable text. And therefore here I'll accept a textOnly prop or anything like that. And I'll then add cssClasses constant here, which takes a look at text only. And if that is true, I want to add a CSS class of text-button to this button. Otherwise it should be just the button CSS class. In addition, I also wanna make sure that theoretically the button styling could also be adjusted from outside this component by adding more CSS classes to it. So in addition, I'll also extract the class name prop so that this prop can also be set on my custom component. And I wanna merge this into the hard-coded classes I have here. To achieve this, we can of course convert these strings to template literals and simply inject class name like this into both, or alternatively, keep these classes as strings convert this from a constant to a variable, and then simply append the class name like this separated by some white space here so that we don't build one long class name but we instead have multiple class names on that button. It's of course, totally up to you how you wanna merge this incoming class name with those hard-coded class names here. But with that, we can then add class name here to the button and set this to cssClasses. So to this variable I just worked on. And now as a last but very important step, I of course also wanna make sure that my button in the end can be used just like the built-in button. That, for example the type can be set, that the on click prop can be set, and so on. And to achieve this, we could of course accept and extract all these props here, but we would have to add a very long list of props here to cover all possible use cases. A way simpler alternative is to use this rest properties syntax here, where you basically look for all other props you might be getting, all other properties that are set on that incoming props object, and you merge them into a new object, a new object called props in my case. And that will then simply be an object that contains all the other props that might have been set here. And it's now this props object that should be spread onto this button, which thankfully also is pretty easy to do by using this syntax here. So with that here, we're collecting all remaining props and we're then spreading those props onto the button element, the built-in button element. And with that, we should have a reusable button component and we can get started using that component. For example, in the Header component. There I have a button, which now should be built with that new custom button. Therefore, here we can import this Button component from ./UI button.jsx, and then replace the built-in button with this custom button. And here, I won't add onClick yet because we're not dealing with clicks yet. But I wanna make sure that here I got this text only style. So therefore I wanna set text only here to true on this custom button. And this can easily be done by simply adding the textOnly prop. You could set it to true like this, but that's actually not required because just adding a prop like this will automatically set it to true in React. And with that here, I should have this text only button style. And if we save this you therefore should not have a button that looks like this. Now, on those meal items I want to have that other button style and therefore we should go to the MealItem component and also import the custom button there from the UI folder and then the Button.jsx file, and then go down to this button and here use it just like this. And again, here, we don't need any other props for now because we're also not handling clicks here yet. And with that, those meal items now look nicer and we got those clickable buttons. And therefore, I'd say as a next step it probably makes sense to make sure that these buttons can be clicked and that we start managing some cart data which we then at some point can also display in a modal that opens when we click this cart button. But as a first step, let's make sure that we start managing some cart data whenever this button or this button, or this button here gets clicked.