So my next goal is to make this Add to Cart button work and to manage such a shopping cart behind the scenes, which then can also be viewed once we click this Cart button in the header. Now of course, this shopping cart data therefore will be required in many areas of this application. We'll need to be able to edit it from inside every meal item, by clicking this button. We'll need to be able to view it in a totally new yet to build component that should be shown when this button is clicked. We'll need information about the cart data in the header to update this number on this button. And we'll also need it later in the checkout page or on the checkout screen. So therefore, it sounds like this cart data should not be data that should be managed in a single component. Or if it should be managed in a single component, that component would very likely be the app component since that component then has access to the header and through the meals component also to the meal items. But managing the cart data in the app component of course would mean that we would have to bloat this component, that we would have to add a lot of code to it, and that we would probably have to do a lot of prop drilling later on in this app to get that cart data into all the components in our component tree that need it. And since that's typically not what you want, I'll instead use React's context feature to manage this cart data in a more general, centralized way. And for that, I'll add a new folder in my source folder, which I'll name store. As you learned earlier in the course, this name of course is up to you, but it is a name that's commonly chosen for context management. In this store folder, I'll add a CartContext.jsx file where I wanna manage this cart data and this CartContext. Because as you learned, this context feature offered by React in the end allows us to spread data into all components that need it in a very easy and reusable way. So therefore, now here in this CartContext file, I'll import createContext from React and then call createContext to create such a new context object, my CartContext here. Now you can pass a default value to the context here and as you learned before in this course, we don't really need that value because we'll set it in a different way anyways, but it still makes sense to set it up here to get better auto completion. And it also helps us plan this context object in advance. And here I'd say that my CartContext should definitely manage a list of cart items, so an array of items. And we'll then also need some functions, some methods in this object to edit those items, to add or remove items. And therefore here I'll also add a addItem function where I expect to get a item, a meal item that should be added to the cart and where we will then update the cart. Though the actual logic will not go into this dummy placeholder function here, but instead later in a separate function. And will also need a removeItem function where we might expect to get the ID of some meal and where we then wanna remove that item from the items array. That could be the shape of our CartContext. Now, as you also learn before in this course as a next step, you typically also want to define such a ContextProvider component, which then can be wrapped around our components to make this context available to them and which will do the actual data management and the actual state management. Because the context feature on its own, standalone without anything else, is not about managing any state. It's not about changing any values and triggering any component updates. Instead it's just about spreading data to components. But of course that data that is being spread can be stateful and therefore it is this CartContextProvider component that should manage that changing data. So therefore here in this CartContextProvider component, we wanna manage some state and eventually, I wanna return my CartContext.Provider component. Or if you are using React 19 or higher, you can actually just use CartContext as a component. Because since React 19, this object that you create with help of createContext will be a component that can be wrapped around other components and other content in general so that this wrapped content, these wrapped components can reach out to this context and interact with it. Prior to React 19, this CartContext object here would not be a wrappable component and instead there you would have to access the nested .Provider property, which then would be that component that can be wrapped to grant access to the context. Now it's up to you which approach you prefer. You can of course use the more concise modern syntax if you know that you're using React 19. Here for this course, I'll use the more backward compatible syntax that would also work with older React versions. Now here my idea is to wrap my custom component around those components and therefore here we should accept the children prop and pass that as a value between CartContext.Provider. Now, we should also export this function, maybe as a default and also export this context here. And here I'll actually not export this function as a default now that I think about it, but instead I'll export the CartContext object itself as a default. But both things should be exported so that both this component and this context object can be used outside of this file. And with that, we can start adding some logic to this component function here, some stateful logic to manage these items and to add or remove items. And we could of course do that with useState, that would be absolutely fine and you could pass state values through context to components. But since the state we're going to manage here will be at least a little bit more complex, I'd rather use the useReducer hook, which also is provided by React and which also allows us to manage state, but which typically makes it simpler to manage more complex state, and which also makes it easier to move that state management logic out of this component function. Because this useReducer hook, which of course must be imported from React, needs a reducer function as an input. And for that I'll add a new function, which I'll name cartReducer, which will get a state and an action as parameters. And these parameter values will be passed into function automatically by React because it will be React that's executing this function later. And the goal of this cartReducer is to return an updated state. And it's this action object that will tell this function how to update this state. And here it's quite common to receive an object as a value for action, to be precise, an object that also has a type property or some other identifier property, but type is a commonly chosen name. And the idea simply is that we can take a look at this type that's part of the incoming action and then run different code for different action types. For example, here we could have a type of ADD_ITEM, and that's just some unique identifier I just came up with. This is all totally up to you because you will be the person dispatching actions in your code later. So here I expect to get an action of type ADD_ITEM and in here we then wanna update the state to add a meal item. We'll add that logic soon, but before we do that, I also want to handle another action type. And that would be the REMOVE_ITEM type, which should do the opposite, it should remove an item from the state. And then of course we wanna return the updated state and if we make it to the end of this reducer without making it into any if block, I simply wanna return the unchanged state like this. But now let's make sure that items can be added here. And for this, in this first if block, I'll start by adding an item to this items array. So I expect that my state I'm getting here in the end will have such an items array, and I can expect that because I'm the developer building this, so it's totally up to me to define how this state object should look like. Because indeed it will be us here in the component function when we call useReducer that define how the state should look like. Because you use useReducer by passing your reducer function as a first parameter. You are not calling it, instead you're just passing a pointer at this function to useReducer. And then you pass the initial state value. So the state that should be assumed when this component renders for the first time as a second argument to useReducer. And that's what I mean, it is up to you to define how this should look like. And here we can then add our items array to this state, for example, and therefore now work with that items array here in our reducer because this incoming state object will have this shape here. So therefore here in ADD_ITEM, we can of course simply reach out to state.items and push a new item onto this array. And that could be an item which we expect to get on this action, maybe on a item property. Again, we will dispatch those actions so we can definitely add an item property to the action when we dispatch it. But updating this state like this would not be a good idea. It would not be a good idea for two main reasons. The first reason, and arguably the more important one, is that you should never mutate the existing state like this because push will edit the existing items array, which is already stored in memory, and therefore it will change the state value before this cartReducer is done executing. And if you then had some code that would, for example, return some other state under certain conditions, you would still have changed the items. So you make a change before you're done executing the code and that's not a good idea. The other reason why this is not a good idea to update the state like this, is that I don't always want to add a new item to the items array. Because if I click on this Add to Cart button on a meal multiple times, I don't want to add this meal 10 times to this array, instead I want to add it once and then just increase some quantity property that's connected to that meal, so that when we later view our cart, we don't have a list of 10 times Margherita pizza but instead we only have one Margherita pizza in there with a quantity of 10. And therefore I'll not update a state like this, but instead, I'll check if we already have that item in our item array by adding an existingCartItemIndex constant where I reach out to my state items. So to this existing array of items and where I'll then call findIndex, a method built into JavaScript. This method takes a function as an input, a function that will execute on every item in this items array and a function that should return true if we found the item we're looking for and false otherwise. And then once we found an item, we'll automatically get the index of that item, that's what findIndex will return and we'll need that index later to update that item. So here I wanna return true if the ID of the item I'm currently looking at here is equal to the ID of the item I'm receiving on my action. With that information, as a next step, we can check if existingCartItemIndex is greater than minus one. Because findIndex will return minus one as a value if it did not find an item. So if that index is greater than minus one, we know that the item already exists in this item's array. Otherwise, in the else case it doesn't. So therefore, in this else case I indeed simply want to add this item, this incoming action item here to this item's array, but again, not by simply pushing into state.items for the reasons I mentioned before. Instead I'll add a new constant here, updatedItems, where I'll create a new array and therefore also a new array object in memory into which I spread my existing items. So with that, I create a copy of that old array. It's worth noting though that the item objects still will be the old item objects, but that won't be a problem here. Because in the else case, I can now use this new copy and therefore this new array object to push this new action item onto this array. So that's the case that we didn't have an item in that array yet. If we did have it in that array, I wanna update some quantity property, which I expect to exist on every cart item. For this we can add a new updatedItem here, which is a new JavaScript object into which I spread the properties of the old existing item. For that we can use the spread operator and then reach out to state.items for this existingCartItemIndex. So that will then give us that existing item in that state.items array. And I'll take all the properties of that existing meal item or off that existing cart item, which is a meal item in the end though, and I'll spread it into this new object. And then in addition, I'll add a quantity property here to this object where I wanna update the existing item quantity and add one to it. So therefore, again, I'll reach out to that existing item and then the quantity property and add one to it. And since I'm using this code twice now, we can, of course, also outsource it now and get our existing item here by accessing existingCartItemIndex on state.items and then using just existingItem here and also here to make that code a bit more readable. Of course, now we also must make sure that we do have such a quantity property on items that we're adding as new items to that array though because otherwise accessing this quantity property as I'm doing it here will fail in the future. So therefore, we need to tweak this code here in line 24. When a new item is added, we should create a new object here where we spread all the meal item data into this object, but where we also add a quantity property and set it to one initially. So that new cart items start with a quantity of one, but then if we update them later, we continue adding one to that quantity. Of course, in that updating case, we now must reinsert this updatedItem into our updatedItems array, and therefore here we should go to updatedItems, access the existingCartItemIndex and override the item at that index with the updatedItem because it's that item at that index that we wanna update so we do that by overriding it with that new item. And that's how we can update this state in a immutable way, so without changing the existing state in memory. And now that we went through all these steps, here, still in that main if block of the ADD_ITEM check, but outside of this inner if block, we of course wanna return the updated state for this reducer because that's the main thing of this reducer, it should return an updated state. And for that I'll return a new object because again, we don't want to edit the existing state and I'll spread my existing state data into this object. At the moment, that's kind of redundant to do because the state only consists of an items array at the moment and it's that array which we're changing. But if we would add other data to that state later it makes sense to paste that old, unchanged data into this new state object and then just update the parts of the state that need updating. And for that here, I'll then override my items array with the updatedItems like this. And that, of course, was a lot of work for updating this shopping cart, but I hopefully could also explain why we went through these different steps. Now, of course, we also need to make sure that we can remove items.