So let's make sure this cart button here opens up a modal that shows us the cart details. And for that of course we'll need a modal, a component that opens as an overlay on the screen, and I'll build that as a standalone reusable UI component so that we could also use the modal in other places of the app. And we will indeed also use it in one other place later. So I'll add my modal JSX file here, and in there I want to export my modal component function. Now in this modal component function, I want a return built-in dialogue element, which is great for displaying overlays like this, because it handles a lot of the complexity for you. But I wanna output it with help of that portal feature React offers so that we can use this modal component from anywhere in our component tree. But we'll always inject the dialogue when it's visible in a specific area of the Real DOM that we as a developer control upfront. And I wanna inject it into this div here, sorry, this div here, with an idea of modal. That's where I wanna inject those dialogue elements when we create and open them with the modal component. And of course, that's exactly what that portal feature is for, about which you learned in the course. We can easily create such a portal with help of the create portal function that's imported from React-dom. And you then simply return, not the dialogue element, but instead a call to React portal where the JSX content that should be portaled somewhere else and that should be rendered by this component is passed as a first argument to create portal. And then the second argument is some code that selects an element in the Real DOM. And here I'll use document getElementById for that to select the element with an idea of modal, which will of course be that div here. So that's how we can create such a portal here. Now my idea with this modal component then, essentially is that it can be wrapped around any content of our choice to put that content into the dialogue. And therefore I'll accept and destructure the children prop and pass that between the dialogue elements. In addition here, I wanna make sure that this modal component can be controlled with help of an open prop that can be set on my custom modal component that should control whether the dialogue is open or not. Now the built in dialogue element also has an open attribute that can be set, and theoretically we could therefore simply forward that open prop to the open prop of the dialogue. But if we do that, we miss out on certain features. And most importantly, this dialogue element, when opened programmatically, so not by setting this open prop, automatically displays a backdrop. So a little area behind the overlay that can be used to gray out the other content and to overlay the other content so that we can't interact with it whilst the dialogue is open. And that's why I don't wanna open it by setting the open prop. But why instead I want to open the dialogue programmatically. Now one way of achieving this, as you learned earlier in the course, would be to use a ref, or a forward ref, depending on which React version you are using, to allow other components to interact with this component. So to expose some functions, for example, that can be called by other components. And whilst this would work, I'll take a different route here. I'll use useEffect here also to, again, practice working with that to, in the end, interact with that native dialogue element whenever the open prop value changes. So I'll pass open as a dependency to this dependencies array so that this effect function will rerun whenever open changes. And then in this effect function, I'll then check if open is true. And if it is true, I want to open this dialogue programmatically. To do this, we need to get access to the dialogue element. And as you learned, that's something which we can do with help of refs. We can use the built-in useRef hook by importing it from React, and by then calling useRef, and then connect this dialogue Ref here to the built-in dialogue element through the built-in Ref prop like this. Now, inside of this effect function, inside of this if block, so only if open is true, we can use this dialogue Ref to call showModal, which is the built in method that can be executed on this dialogue object in the end to show it, to open it programmatically. And we'll take care about closing it later. To finish up this modal component and this dialogue element for now, I'll also add the className prop here to add a class of modal to this dialogue, though I actually want to make this a bit more dynamic. And I wanna make sure that this modal component can also be styled from outside this component, so that other components can also set a className prop on this modal component, and this value then is merged with this modal class that should always be applied. And this can be achieved by setting className to a dynamic value, which in the end is a template literal string, where I always have the hard coded modal class, and I then also inject the class name I might be receiving in addition. Now theoretically this could then lead to undefined being added as a className if className is not set. And therefore I'll give this a default value of an empty string, so that we basically don't add any text here if className should not be set from outside. And that's therefore it for this modal component for now. As a next step, we can use it to output some cart details.