So, to output some cart details, it's time for another new component, a cart component. And by the way, you could of course also organize these different component files into separate sub-folders. And for example create a meals sub-folder that contains the two meal items and a card sub folder for all the card related files and components. That would be something you could do. I'm just not doing it here because at the moment we still don't have that many components. And I think this folder structure is therefore is still pretty easy to understand and work with. Now in this cart JSX file we can export a new function called cart which should be responsible for outputting that cart data on the screen. So in this component function here I then want to return my new modal component so that all that cart data is shown in such a modal and is presented in such a modal. And here I'll start by outputting a title where I'll say your cart. Now I also wanna apply some cart specific styling and that's why I made my modal a bit more configurable and why I made sure that such a class name is accepted because this allows me to set the class name here and set it to a value of cart. Another class name you'll find in the index CSS file to add some styling to some elements in this case to the card data. So there is this title below that title. There now should be a list of card items. And of course those card items are stored in the card context. So this card component will also need access to that context in order to access those items. Hence, we can call use context here and import it from React and pass card context to use context and add those file extensions here on those imports so that here we get the card context like this. Now that the card context is accessed, we can and should of course map through the different items in that card. So here in this unordered list we can access card contextualizes, and then map through all the items here. And for every item I want to output a cart item. And for the moment, again, I'll start with a basic list item. Later, I'll make this a bit more complex, but for the moment it's a list item with a key of item.id because keep in mind that the card items are based on the meal items and every meal has an id. So we can also access that on our card items. And then here I'll simply output item.name and then maybe for the moment in this placeholder separated by a dash item.quantity. Again, this will be tweaked later. Below this unordered list I then wanna output the total price. And for styling purposes I'll give this paragraph a class name of cart-total and we can calculate that total price by creating a helper constant here card total where we use card context items, and then again the reduce function. But now not to derive the total number of items in the card but instead the total price. The logic, however, is pretty similar to what we had before for the total number I'll start with a value of zero, and then I get my total price here and the item data and the value I wanna return here is simply the total price plus the item quantity times the price of that item. And that will give us the overall cart total. This can then be output down here with that currency formatter again, which we built earlier in this section. So we can import this currency formatter from the util folder. And there the formatting JS file so that here in this paragraph we can format the cart total like this. And now below this cart total, I'll output another paragraph with a class name of modal actions where I wanna output two buttons. One for closing the modal and one for also closing it, but presenting the checkout modal as a next step. For that we can use the button component which we built before and imported that from the button JSX file. And then the first button should have this text only style and just say close. The second button should not have that style, and instead say, go to checkout like this. And at the moment, those buttons won't do anything but we'll take care of that later because the bigger problem right now is that we also have no way of showing this modal because no matter where and how we use the cart component, the open prop which is needed by the modal component to show the dialogue that prop is never set here. Now of course I could hardcode it to true here but that would make closing rather difficult. In addition, it of course would always show this modal which I don't wanna do. Instead it should only be shown when a user clicks this button here. So how can we handle that? Well, there again would be different ways of handling this. I'll go for another context, which can be controlled from different parts of the app and which should take care of showing or not showing this card data here. For that in this store folder, I'll add another context file and I'll name it user progress context because you could argue that viewing the cart and going to the checkout screen thereafter are different steps in the user's journey through our website. So I'll named this here, user progress context. And just as with the card context we of course start by importing createContext from React and by calling createContext thereafter to create this user progress context here. And then here I imagine to have an object where we maybe have a progress property, which initially is an empty string, but which later could be cart if the user is viewing the cart or checkout if the user is proceeding to the checkout page. Of course, we'll also need functions to change that progress. For example, a show cart function, a hide cart function, a show checkout function, and then also probably a hide checkout function. And I need a colon here. And now we can export this user progress context here as a default and add this function, this user progress context provider function and also export that which should use this special children prop here so that we can use it to wrap this UserProgressContext.Provider around whatever is passed between the opening and closing tags of our custom progress context provider component. And we can now manage some state here. We could again do this with use reducer but to mix things up, and since it's all the way simpler state here I'll use the standard useState hook which of course must be imported from React. Where the initial state is empty which basically means we don't wanna show any modal on the screen, neither cart nor checkout. And I'll name this user progress and set user progress. And that state should be updated when one of these four functions here is called. So I'll add a show cart function here where user progress could be set to cart. Then we want a hide cart function where user progress should simply be set back to an empty string. And then I want another function here, show checkout where the user progress should be set to checkout. And then of course one last function the height checkout where you might be able to guess what it does. Because here of course we wanna set the user progress back to an empty string. And now we just need to collect and gather all these different functions and values into a user progress context object here where we have that progress property that's set equal to the user progress state, and where we then also have this show card function here, this height card function, the show checkout function, like this, and the height checkout function. So all these functions which I also defined here in this dummy initial value Now it's this user progress context that's set as a value for this user context progress provider component. And now we can wrap this custom provider component around all components that should be able to interact with the cart and so on. So therefore, again, the app component, it is here we can wrap this around the cart context provider or inside of the cart context provider, doesn't really matter, but definitely around header and meals. And here I'll wrap it around the card context provider and wrap my user progress context provider around it like this. Also imported of course, so that now we can use this context to open or show the cart and to then use this information whether the cart should be visible or not to show or hide it. So for example, now we can go to the header component where I want to open the cart when this button here is clicked to listen to another context because you can tap into as many context values as you need and want. And here it's this user progress context I'm interested in. So that here we got that user progress context value and we can now add a new function here anywhere in the header component function called handle show cart where we now reach out to user progress context and call show cart. Now this handle show cart function must be connected to this button by simply adding the on click prop to it and pointing at handle show cart. And now we just have to make sure that this card component is all the showing up by going to the cart component. And then in there also listening to the user progress context. So here we also got the user progress CTX value. And now in there we'll have this progress property. And I just see that I'm passing the wrong value to value here. This should be user progress CTX, so that this value is passed as a value for the value prop. But in there we then have the progress property and it's now this progress property that will determine whether this card should be shown or not. So that we set open on the modal equal to user progress context.progress equal to cart. If it's equal to cart we wanna show this modal that contains the cart data. So open should be true in that case otherwise it should be false. And now with all of that out of the way, we just have to make sure that this custom cart component is part of our app of our component tree. And here the app component again sounds like a great place to add it. Maybe down here, doesn't really matter, because with that we make sure that this component can also do its job. And therefore now if you reload and you click on cart this modal here should open up. Now I don't have any cart data in there so I'll close it or I'll reload to be precise because closing still doesn't work that well. So I just reload the page, I'll add some cart items and if I now maybe add one more pizza margarita. If I click on cart now, you see I got my items here with the data. I got the total here. That's all looking good. And now of course I wanna make sure that these buttons also close that modal. And later of course this button should take us to the checkout page. And we'll also tweak the look of these items of course. But let's start by making sure that we close the modal with these buttons. And to achieve this, we just have to go to the cart component where we have these buttons and in the end we have to trigger the hide cart function from our user progress context. So I'll add a new function here, which could be called handle close cart. And in there we reach out to the user progress context object and call hide cart. And that will change the progress value and therefore in the end, the value of the open prop, which then in turn should lead to the modal being removed. So we have to connect, handle close carts to those buttons and for the moment I'll use it on both buttons. So I'll add it through the on click prop to the close button and to the go to checkout button. But if you now save this, you'll notice that they still don't work. If I reload open the cart, click on close or go to checkout nothing happens. And that's the case because we are indeed now changing this progress property here and therefore this open prop value. But in the modal component, we only care about open being true, in which case we showed the dialogue. We don't care about it being false. Sure this effect function will run again when open changes but we have no logic for dealing with it being false. So in order to close the dialogue when this runs again, we can use a cleanup function here, which as mentioned before in the course, will be executed whenever this effect function is about to run again. So whenever the open prop value changes, for example. In here, we can call dialog current.close, though technically a slightly different approach is recommended here. It's recommended that you store the value of this ref in some temporary constant here, and that you then use this constant inside of this effect function. So here in this, if check and all's in a cleanup function and this approach is recommended because this cleanup function is of course going to run at a later point of time than this effect function when it runs for the first time because the cleanup function will then only run once this value changed at some point in the future. Therefore, at least theoretically, the value stored in this ref could have changed in between. Now that will not be the case here. It'll always refer to this dialogue but theoretically it could be assigned to a different value in between these function executions here and therefore it is recommended to lock in the value this ref has when this effect function here runs. So that exactly the same value is also used in a cleanup function that belongs to this effect function. So to say, again, technically not required here but a recommended pattern which is why I'm showing it to you. But with that, if we save this and reload clicking these buttons should now work and should now close the modal. And of course, opening it again also works all without any errors in the console. So that's therefore working as intended. And as a next step, we can therefore work on the styling of these card items before we then thereafter make sure that we can also go to the checkout page.