So let's continue by working on the look of these card items. And of course, that will be relatively straightforward because for that we'll simply have to add some JSX code here in the card component or build a separate card item component. And I'll do the latter. But of course, you could take either route. There is no right or wrong here, but I'll go for a separate card item component to keep the JSX code of this card component a bit leaner. But it would definitely be okay if you would add the card item markup here in this card component instead. But here in this new component file, I'll of course again, export the cart item component function. And in this component function, the main goal then is to return some JSX code. And here I wanna return a list item, which should receive a class name of cart dash item for styling purposes. And then in the list item, there should be a paragraph, which in the end outputs the name of the card item. And then next to it separated by a dash, the quantity times the price. And of course, we'll replace that with actual data soon. And then below that I wanna have another paragraph where I wanna have multiple buttons that can be clicked to interact with that card item. One button basically to reduce the quantity then another button to increase the quantity. And between those buttons, a span where I output the current quantity. Now here, I'll not use my custom button component because here in this card item I wanna have a very different button look. And therefore instead here, I'll just add a class name to this surrounding paragraph which should be card dash item, dash actions which will take care of styling the content in there. And we now of course need some input data here. To be precise, we need the item for which this component is rendered. And again, we could either accept and use a single prop or multiple props for the different attributes. Now here I'll go for the multi prop approach to also show you this alternative. And here I then would expect to get my name, my quantity, and my price data so that here we can output the name. Here we can output the quantity and also output that down here and here output the price. Though the price should be formatted and therefore we can of course import this currency formatter again from that formatting JS file, which we added earlier. And then simply call format on that price here. And that's essentially it for the moment. Now in this card component, I wanna output my card item here in this list. So this custom card item component we just worked on, it must be imported of course. And with that import added here, it needs that key because all items in such a list should receive a key as you learned, the item ID is still a good key and I then need the name quantity and price. Now the quick and easy way of passing all the item data, including name, quantity and price to that card item component is to simply spread the item object onto the card item because that item object includes a name, quantity and price. But since it also includes some extra data which we don't actually need in there, even though it wouldn't be a problem to pass it to this component without needing it, we could go for a different approach and manually set name equal to item.name, quantity equal to item.quantity and price equal to item.price, like this. With that, if you save this, you should have a nicer output that looks like this here. But of course those buttons now also should work. And at the moment they don't. Now we already have the logic for these buttons in place in our card context. Here it's add and remove item that should be triggered when those buttons are pressed. Now to trigger these functions, we can, of course again, use our context here in the card item. Alternatively, to also show you this pattern, which you already know from earlier in the course, we could of course also accept extra props that should get functions as values on increase and on decrease prop, for example. And use these props as values for the on click prop on these buttons. So on decrease on the minus button, and on increase on the plus button. And with that, this component here would not need to tap into this context, even though that also wouldn't be wrong. But if you want to keep this component a bit leaner, and you don't want to add the code for using the context in there, you could simply accept props like this and then go to the parent component, the card component, and set those props here. On increase should be set equal to something and on decrease. And the something of course now should be a function that does trigger those card context functions, add item and remove item. Now the card item already has access to the card context. So triggering those extra functions is as simple as passing an anonymous function here to on increase and calling card context add item here and passing this item for which we're rendering this card item here as a value to add item. And on decrease gets a function where we call card context remove item and where we pass the item ID to this function. And that's simply an alternative, which has the advantage that this card item component stays a bit leaner and cleaner. With that, if we save this, these buttons should not work. And you see we can increase the quantity, reduce it and also eventually remove an item from the cart. And therefore, now the next step is to make sure that we can also go to the checkout. Though this button here should really also only be shown if we have items in the cart. Because, for example, right now, where there are no items, it makes no sense to show this button because there is nothing to check out. But if we have items, this button should take us to a different modal that does allow us to submit the order.