So to work on this checkout functionality I'll start by only displaying this Go to Checkout button if we have items in the cart, so that it's not showing up if we have an empty cart. This is relatively simple to implement, because all we have to do is go to this cart component file and then in there we want to conditionally show this button depending on whether there are items in the cart or not. So for this, we can use cart context, and simply check if the items array is empty. If the length here is greater than zero we know that there are items in the cart. In which case I want to show this button. Otherwise I wanna show nothing I want to output null. And of course, the shorter way of writing this is to omit this else case and simply use this trick with the double && operator this logical and operator here. With that, we're only showing this button if we have at least one item in our cart items array. And therefore with that, you see that with an empty cart I only got the Close button. On the other hand, if there are items in the cart if I add some, then we also have the Go to Checkout button. And the next step there for now is to make sure that this takes us to a separate checkout component. Therefore, we need to add such a component. A new checkout component in a new checkout component file which I added to my source folder. Here I'll again export a functional Checkout component. And as a first step, we should return some JSX code here. The JSX code that should be shown on the screen when this checkout component is displayed so to say. Now my plan here is to also show this checkout component in such a modal. So therefore, just as with the cart I'll use my custom modal component, imported from that modal JSX file. And in there I then wanna have a form that contains various inputs that have to be filled out by the user in order to submit an order. Now, as part of that form I also wanna have a title, Checkout, and then below that title a paragraph that outputs the Total Amount due. So that the user sees what they have to pay. Now of course, this total amount depends on our cart and therefore this checkout component will also need access to our CartContext here. So we should import this CartContext and of course also the useContext hook. So that here we have our cart context object. Because this can then be used to calculate the total amount due. And we already have the logic for this calculation in the cart JSX file, and we could therefore also outsource it in some central place, some shared file. But here I'll just copy and paste it, into my Checkout JSX file so that we can also output the cart total here, though of course, again the formatted cart total. So I also want to import this currency formatter from the formatting js file. So that we can use that down here to output the formatted cartTotal like this. Now this form of course also should include various inputs and for this we can create a shared input component in this UI folder. Of course you don't have to do that but I guess it makes sense here since I will add a couple of inputs to this form which will all have the same structure in the end. So here we can create a shared input component where we wanna return a paragraph for every input that should be output. With a className of control for styling purposes. And then a label and an input element below that label. Now of course the label should be configurable from outside so this input component here should use some Props. For example, a label prop. It should also get an id prop. So that on the label we can also set the htmlFor prop to id to tell the browser to which input this label is connected. For that to work, we then also must set the id prop on the input so that this connection is established and it's htmlFor, just as its class name because for is essentially not used as a name because it's kind of a reserve name in JavaScript. So therefore here, this attribute or prop name is htmlFor. And then between the label tags, we can output the value that we receive on that label prop. Now on that input down here, I then also want to set the name prop, which I'll simply set to the same value as id, so I'll reuse that value we get on id as a value for name. And I'm using this name prop here because this will then later allow us to handle the submission of the form that uses these inputs with help of some native built-in form features provided by the browser. Which can make dealing with form submissions a lot easier. As you also already learned in the form section. Though of course as an exercise, you could also handle the form values and the form validation in any way you want, because after all, in that dedicated course section you did learn about different approaches. Here for this demo app, my plan is to rely on some help by the browser. And therefore I'll also use the built-in required prop here here to make sure that this input must not be empty. Now, I'm setting this right here in the input component because indeed in this app which I'm building here, every input will always be required. Alternatively, we could of course again collect any other Props that are set here. And simply spread them onto the input to make that input a bit more configurable from outside. And I will indeed do that here either way because I for example want to make the type configurable from outside, and I want to allow myself to use this input in a flexible way and add any Props I want to this input here. So therefore I will use this approach but I'll still hard code required here because again, every input I add in this app will be required. But with that, this is looking decent. We got this reusable input component. And we can therefore now go back to the checkout component and start using it. For that of course, it must be imported as always. And with that import added, we can use this custom input component here. And for example set up a Full Name input, that wants the user to enter their full name. Now I'll set the type of that input to text, and thanks to me collecting all Props here and then spreading them onto the input element, that type will be forwarded and will be set on this input here. So this input will be of type text here, and I'll give it an idea of full-name. That's the first step. The next input in this checkout form here, we'll get a label of email or Email Address, maybe also written like this prompting the user to enter their email address. The idea therefore can be email and the type also should be email. And let me use the same order as up there, which is not too important, but consistency of course is key. Thereafter, the next input, is about getting the street address from the user. So I'll give it a label of Street, the type will be text and the id will be street here for me. Then thereafter, I want to have two inputs side by side. And in the index CSS file, I prepared a CSS class for that. So here I'll actually add a div with a class of control-row in which I'll then add two Inputs. Where the first input should have a label of Postal Code, and a type of text and an id of postal-code. And the second input will get a label of City also a type of text and an id of city.. And that's it, these are all the inputs I want to add to this form to this checkout form. Now, I of course also wanna have a button that submits the form. For this I'll add a paragraph at the end of the form, and give it a className of modal-actions. And then here I want to have two buttons using my custom button component, which of course must be imported as always. And the first button here should be a text only button which again allows us to close this modal. The second button on the other hand, should be there to submit the order. And it's not a text only button, but instead a standard button. Now we'll add the logic for submitting that form a little bit later. For the moment, I just wanna make sure that the Close button closes the modal, and therefore I'll give this button a type of button because since it's inside of a form it would otherwise submit that form, which I don't want to happen. So I'll give it a type of button, so that this button does not submit the form, but instead can be used to close the modal. And to close the modal, we can of course, again, use this other context we added earlier. This UserProgressContext here, we can use that, User ProgressCtx, and for one, use it to set the open prop on that modal so that we set this equal to UserProgressCtx.progress = checkout. So that open here is true if our current progress in this context is equal to checkout. And when we click this close button, we can close the modal by adding another function here, handleClose. Where we simply call userProgressCtx hideCheckout. And we then connect handleClose to this button here, by adding the onClick prop like this. Now, in order to view this checkout we of course also must make sure that it's opened from somewhere, and that somewhere is my cart of course, Because there I have this Go to Checkout button. So instead of closing the cart, this button should actually move to the checkout page. Therefore, we can add another function here in the cart component, handleGoToCheckout, sounds like a fitting name. Where we also use the user progress context to call showCheckout. And since this will then in the context here set the user progress to checkout. The progress will no longer be cart, but instead checkout and therefore in the cart component, the modal of course will no longer receive true as a value for open because here open will only be true if the progress is set equal to cart. Which then will not be the case anymore. So this modal will then automatically close and become invisible. Whereas the checkout modal then will open. We just have to make sure that handleGoToCheckout is now also connected to this button here, the Go to Checkout button. And with that, if we now take a look at our app and we reload, add a couple of items to the cart, and click go to checkout, we can see that the cart closes but the checkout modal did actually not open for me here. And that of course happens because I haven't included the checkout component in my app yet. We of course have to do that. We should add it here to our component tree, maybe below the cart. And of course also import it in order for that to work. And now with that, if we save that and I reload and add items to the cart, if I click Go to Checkout you see that modal opens up and we got this form here and we now can work on submitting that order. Though before we do that, I wanna fix a little bug related to those modals. Because it turns out that you can also close these dialogues by pressing the escape key, but if you do so you can't reopen it anymore I can click this button forever, it won't open up again. And that's happening because when we close the modal by pressing the escape key. The dialogue will be closed by the browser. But in our app, the user progress won't change. So that for example, will still stay at cart or checkout whatever it was. Therefore our app essentially still thinks that the dialogue should be visible because the value of the open prop doesn't change. It is still the same as before. So to make sure that we update our user progress state whenever the dialogue is closed by pressing the escape key. We should go to our modal component here. And there on the dialogue element, we can actually add an onClose prop, because a close event will be emitted by the browser when this dialogue is closed for example because the escape key was pressed. And in the end I wanna forward that to the place where my modal component is used. So here I'll simply accept a another prop also named onClose. Which I'll set as a value for the built-in onClose prop on the built-in dialogue element. So that now in the places where we use the modal component, for example in the cart, we can also add the onClose prop here and trigger a function that should execute when the modal is closed, for example because the escape key was pressed. Here in the cart component, I then for example want to trigger my handleCloseCart function which I already have. Because that will then basically synchronize my progress state that's managed in my context with the browser controlled visibility of the dialogue. And I wanna do the same in the checkout component. There on that modal we should add the onClose prop and trigger handleClose if that close event occurs. With that if we save this and we reload the site. If I open the cart and I close it by pressing the escape key I can reopen it. However, now you might notice that when you click on Go to Checkout, this actually doesn't work anymore. Instead it just closes and nothing happens. And that's happening because now of course the progress value changes from cart to checkout when we click that button and therefore, of course, open in the cart component now is false and therefore this modal closes. And therefore of course, also this close event is fired by the browser and we reset our progress state to nothing essentially because we're hiding the cart. So to work around that, we got different options. And one simple way to work around this issue here is to go to this onClose prop on the modal component in our cart component file. And here, instead of always triggering handleCloseCart which is causing the problem here, we could check if our current user progress is equal to cart in which case we wanna use handleCloseCart as an event handling function. But otherwise, we want to use nothing so null as an event handling function. So that if we already are on the checkout page, we're not closing the cart by triggering this function again but we're instead doing nothing. With this if we save this and reload, if I go here. I can go to the checkout page again, but I can also close this cart also programmatically and thereafter still go to the checkout page. So now it behaves the way it should no matter what we're doing with it before we go there, but in the end we can end up on the checkout page and that's what matters here.