So how can we now send this data along with the cart data to the backend? Well, in the end, in a similar way as we loaded our meals, though this time not inside of such a Effect function because this time we don't really need to run this when the component loads, but instead we wanna send a request from inside handleSubmit. So it's inside of this handleSubmit function where we wanna use the fetch function to send the request to that dummy backend here. And there it's slash orders we wanna target because that's the route in this dummy backend that waits for such incoming order requests. We should send a post request to this route to be precise, and we should make sure then that the request body has a order property with the details about the order, and that should then in turn be an object that has a items property holding the cart items that were ordered, and a customer property with all the customer details that were entered in the checkout form. So back in the Checkout component on our frontend, we now need to configure this request. We did not have to do that before in the meals file because the default without configuration is that fetch sends a get request to this route. But we now need to configure it because we need to change the request method now from get to post. In addition we should now also add some headers to add the Content-Type header, and set it to application/json like this so that the backend understands that we're submitting some data in JSON format, and it should be extracted accordingly. And of course, we need to set that request body so that data that should be attached. And as mentioned, that should be in JSON format, and you can easily generate data in that format with the built-in JSON.stringify method, which now takes any standard JavaScript value to convert it to JSON, and the value that should be converted here should be an object, which as mentioned a couple of seconds ago, should have an order property which should hold a nested object with a items property and a customer property. Now the customer property in the end should simply include this customer data object which we're getting from our form. Because with that we'll then have all these form input fields as key-value pairs in that customer data. And one thing we should actually change here is that on the app backend I'm looking for a name field, but in my frontend here, I named that field full-name. We should change this to just name so that extracting that data and using that data in the backend code works fine. So all the fields I'm looking for here on that customer data, that should be the names of your form fields in the checkout form. So make sure that's the case. But with that, that's the customer data, and for the items it's of course now the cart data which I wanna submit, the cart items which we can get from our cart context. So here it's cartCtx.items, and that's the data that should be submitted. And in the most basic form, that's all we have to do here, because since this is a request that changes something on the backend, we don't necessarily have to wait for the response here. I mean, later we will do that because we wanna close this checkout form once the response is there, and we also wanna handle errors, but to get started and to see whether this works, it's enough to send this request like this, because it will hit the backend and there this data can be extracted and stored. And therefore with that, we can save this, we can go back here, and reload this page, and add a couple of items to the cart like this, go to the Checkout screen, and enter some details here. Any dummy details you want, like this, and if you click Submit Order nothing will happen here. But you also shouldn't get an error, and behind the scenes in the Network tab, if you click Submit Order again, you should see that an HTTP request is being sent. Technically it's two requests, but that's just because it's a post request which is always preceded with an OPTIONS request, but it's this post request that's also being sent here, and as you see here, it also got back a success status code from the backend. And you can also validate that it worked if you go back to your project, and into this backend folder, and you take a look at this orders.json file in the data folder. This is the file to which those dummy orders are written if they make it past all these checks in my backend here. So if we submitted valid data. And here, if you press the auto format shortcut, you should therefore indeed see that I have two orders here because I pressed the Submit Order button twice. I got this order and this order, two order objects, and every order object has an items array with the items that were ordered, including the quantity, and the customer object with the customer details I entered, and an automatically generated order ID which was generated on the backend. So this is working, submitting this data works, and therefore in theory we could, of course, stop here, but the user experience, of course, here isn't that great. If something goes wrong, we wouldn't see an error message here, and if we click Submit Order, we also get no feedback whether that worked or not. So these are, of course, things we might wanna improve. And the same, by the way, is true here for the meals. When we reload the page, we're fetching those meals. But what if something goes wrong here? Or what if we have a slow internet connection which we can simulate by throttling it? In that case, if we reload here, reloading will take some time, but then once the page is there, you will also see that the meal items will take some time to load. So right now it's still the frontend code that loads, but then we stare at this empty page until the data is there. So we also might wanna show some loading spinner there. So in general, dealing with HTTP requests is not finalized here, there is room for improvement, and we'll work on them over the next lectures.