So now that we built the custom hook and we're using it here, it's time to use these different states to provide a better user experience. Here in the meals component, and, of course, thereafter also in the checkout component where I also wanna use this hook soon, but let's start in the meals component again. If we go back to our page and we throttle loading here, throttle the network to be precise, you will see that as we reload this page, obviously it takes some time to load, but then we'll see this fetching meals text here. Here it is. And, of course, that text didn't look that great and pushed all the way to the left. Now, we can simply add the class name center here to fix this. So that now if I reload this, this looks better. So that was a quick and easy fix. Now I, of course, also wanna deal with the problem that we might be facing an error if we fail to load meals. And to deal with that, I'll add a new component which I'll name error like this in a error.jsx file. And the entire purpose of this component is to output some error or message. For that, I'll return a div with a className of error. And then here, I wanna have a title and a message. And both should be settable from outside. So we should be able to get a title here and the message. And then, of course, here we simply output the title and here we output the message. And with this component added, we can go back to the meals component and now simply check if we have an error, in which case I wanna return this error component we just added. So we import it and we return it and we set a title which could be Failed to fetch meals and a message which is my error object. Because in my custom hook, if we have an error, I'm setting my error state to the error message. Now to simulate an error here, I'll simply enter an incorrect URL, save that, disable throttling and reload and I got this error. Now, of course, you could definitely improve the styling and the overall user experience, but here it's just about handling these different states and proving that this custom hook works. And therefore here I'll now fix this URL again, so that once we reload, we do successfully load all these meals again and that therefore now allows us to work on this checkout page and make sure that there in the checkout component, we also use the custom hook.