So here in the checkout component, I also wanna use my custom useHttp hook but it should be used slightly differently here. We don't wanna send a request right away here but instead only after the form has been submitted. But thankfully, we built this custom hook such that we can use it for this purpose. In the checkout component, we can use useHttp, so our custom hook here, after importing it and then also set up the URL to which the request eventually will be sent. localhost:3000/orders. Now as a next step, we should pass the config object to this custom hook. And just as before, this object should be created outside of the component function to avoid infinite loops. Now here, this config object needs the method property which should be set to post and the headers property, which should be set to content-type application/json because we'll send some JSON data later. But of course we can't yet set up the body because we'll only have that data once the form has been submitted. So we'll tweak the hook to make sure that we can still use it in a couple of minutes. And for now, I'll just set up this config. And it's now this request config that's passed to the custom hook. And since this config object has the method set to post inside of the custom hook, we also won't send a request right away. Because here, we're only doing this if the config method is set to get, which is not the case here. Therefore, no request will be sent initially and we can extract some data from the object we get back from the custom hook. We can get the data, state, the isLoading state and the error state. And very important for this component, the sendRequest function. Because we need to send the request manually here in this component. So the offer now, it's in handle submit where I want to call sendRequest which I got from my custom hook to send that request. But now I of course also wanna pass my data to sendRequest and make sure that this data is being sent. And therefore we need to go back to the custom hook and make it even more flexible. Here, sendRequest should also accept the data that should eventually be sent if any data is needed. And it should merge this into this config so that we create a new object here where we spread all the existing config options but where we then also set the body to the data we're receiving here. And therefore now with this adjustment made here, sendRequest can now be used such that the data is only passed at the point of time where we're ready to send the request, whereas the other request config is made in advance. Now since the data passed to send request is set as data for the body, and I'm sending some JSON data here in this request, we of course should make sure that we're passing JSON data to send request. So we should actually take this entire value, the JSON value as an input for send request. And this now replaces this code, hence making this component leaner. And we can now also handle the different states. For example, there isLoading state when we are loading, so when we are sending the data and therefore, we could of course alias this to make this even clearer. When that's the case, I don't wanna show these buttons here for example. But instead I wanna show some text that informs the user that the request is currently on its way. So I wanna output these buttons conditionally which we can do by adding a new variable which could be called actions. And here, the default content could be these two buttons. So I'll grab them, cut them, and add them here wrapped by a fragment. But I then check if isSending is true and if that's the case, actions could instead be a span which says "Sending Order Data..." And it's now this actions variable that's output down there in this modal actions paragraph. With that, if we save this, and we add a couple of items to the cart and go to the checkout page, if I enter some data here again, like this and I open my network tools and throttle this so that the request will take a bit longer and I click Submit Order, I'm seeing "Sending Order Data..." here. And then once the order was sent and we're not sending anymore, I see the buttons again. Now of course besides handling the loading state or sending state here, I also wanna handle the error state. And for example, output an error message here above these buttons if something goes wrong. We can check if error is true here and in that case, output the error component which we built with a title of "Failed to submit order." And then the message set equal to the error state. Something like this So that if something does go wrong, we do show this error And here to test this, I'll temporarily tweak this URL again and break it. With that if I save this, and I again enter some data here, just some dummy data for now. And I throttle this and submit the order, we got the loading state and then since it fails, the error. So that also works. Now with that, I'll go back to the valid URL. And last but not least, I wanna make sure that we also show a success message if everything works out. So in this checkout component here, maybe write down here, we can also check if we got data, which means we got back a valid response and no error. So if we got data and no error, if that's the case. And in that case, I also wanna return a modal but it will be a different modal. It will be a modal that should be open if the progress is checkout. And on close, I also wanna trigger handle close. This doesn't change But in the modal, I just wanna output a title where I say success. And then below that, maybe a paragraph where we say "Your order was submitted successfully." And then maybe some other texts like, "We will get back to you with more details via email within the next few minutes." And then below that, I'll have a paragraph with a class name of modal-actions. Where I wanna have a button using my custom button that just says, okay and that when clicked, should also close the modal. So that we simply show a little success message after successfully placing an order. And with that added, if we go back and we add some items to the cart here, proceed to checkout. And again, enter some data here. Just some dummy data, doesn't matter. And we now submit this, we at some point, see that success modal which we can close. Now we could of course again order this and therefore we should probably also clear the cart once we're done. And therefore, I'll actually add another function here maybe right below handle close which I'll name, handleFinish where I will hide the checkout but where I also wanna clear the cart. And to do that as a last step, we should also go to the cart context and add a new function here which does exactly that. And a new action which we handle in our reducer to clear the cart. And let's maybe start with that. For that in that cart reducer, so in that cart reducer function here, we wanna check if the action type is equal to CLEAR_CART let's say. And if that's the case, I wanna return a new state that copies the old state but that sets the items to an empty array because that is what clearing the cart in the end means. And now I wanna have a new function in my context, a clearCart function, which I'll also add here to this dummy initial value to get better auto completion. And which I therefore also add down here in the cart context provider component of course. And that clearCart function will simply dispatch a new cart action where the type is set to CLEAR_CART which is that action for which I just added the logic to the cart reducer. Now clearCart also must be added here to this context object like this. And with that added, back in the checkout component, in handle finish, we can use the card context and call clearCart. So that we don't just hide this checkout modal, but we also clear the cart. And it's now handle finish that should be triggered by this okay button in the success modal. Also if we close it in any other way. And therefore now with that, finally, if I again go to the checkout here and enter some dummy data real quick like this. If I do that, submit the order and click Okay now the cart was cleared. And with that I'll also disable throttling. And that's therefore now the almost finished application. Almost finished because one last step is missing here. At the moment, whenever I successfully checked out and I add new items to the cart and I go to the checkout page again, you'll face a problem. So let me quickly place an order here again. And now if I add more items to the cart and I try to buy those as well, you see I'm back to the success screen. And that happens because at the moment here in the checkout component, we of course have that data state which we get from our custom hook. And that's set to the success response we got from previously submitting an order. And that's not being reset. And as a solution to this problem, we could, for example add a new function to useHttp, which could be called clearData where we simply call set data and set it back to the initial data we got as an input to this custom hook. And now we can also expose the clearData function here in this custom hook and go to the checkout component and use that clearData function here whenever we close that success model. So here in handle finish, we can call clearData. And this will clear the data provided by the custom hook. With that, if I reload and I add items to the cart and I check out those items here real quick, if I submit this and I add more items to the cart I can go to the checkout page again and place another order if I wanna do that. So this now works the way it should and we therefore finished this application.