In the previous section, we focused on the challenges that we may face, while my microservices, they are trying to communicate internally within the same microservice network. So we focus more on internal communication and the challenges around it. Now inside this section, let's try to focus on the challenges that we may face while we are trying to accept the external traffic into our microservices. Like I said before, we should always have a single entry point into our microservice network. We should not allow different, different external clients talking with our microservices directly. Instead, we should have a single entry point into our microservices by using the products like API Gateway. So let's try to understand what are the challenges that we may face While we are trying to accept the external communication into our microservice, we are into a new section and we are going to talk about challenge number 6 that we may face while building microservices. As part of this challenge 6, we are going to focus more on how we can perform routing, cross-cutting concerns inside our microservice whenever we are receiving the external traffic into our microservice network. To understand more details about this challenge, let me ask you some questions here. The very first question that I have here is, how we are going to maintain a single entry point into your microservice network. Here you may have a question like what is the problem if I don't maintain a single entry point? What if I allow all my external clients to communicate directly with my microservice? There will be multiple challenges and drawbacks. If you are not maintaining a single entry point into your microservice network, we are going to discuss about them in few minutes. But the primary reason why we should maintain a single entry point is all your external clients, they can communicate with a single component inside your microservices network. Otherwise your external clients, they need to keep a track of all the different services that you have inside your microservice network. What are their endpoint URLs? What are their port numbers? So to overcome this challenge, we need to make sure there is a single entry point into our microservice network. But the question is how we are going to build that and how we are going to maintain it. So we are going to answer that question in few seconds. The next question that I have here is, how we are going to handle the cross-cutting concerns like logging, auditing, tracing and security whenever the external traffic is coming into your microservice network, like in any other web application inside microservices also, we need to make sure the incoming external request is properly authenticated and authorized, and we need to make sure we are doing enough logging, auditing and tracing, which will help us to identify the defects inside our code as part of debugging. So the question is how we are going to handle all these cross-cutting concerns. Obviously, it will not be a good decision to implement all these logic inside the each of the microservices that we are going to build. If you start building all these cross-cutting concerns inside all of your hundreds of microservice, you will end up with a lot of duplicate code inconsistency behavior. So that's why it's always recommended to implement all these cross-cutting concerns in a single place. So the question here is, how we are going to implement that. And the next question that I want to ask you here is, how we are going to do the routing based upon your custom requirements. Sometimes we may want to do some dynamic routing inside our microservice network, like if some external client is trying to invoke a particular path, I want to redirect that request to the particular microservice. And very similarly, if someone is having some Http header inside their request based upon the header value, like inside the header, we can have some information like version 1 or version 2, which indicates that my external client, they want to invoke a microservice with a particular version. So how we are going to achieve all these dynamic routing capabilities inside your microservice network. So these are all the most common questions or challenges that we may face while we are trying to accept the external communication into our microservices network. So let me show you the solution. Are you excited to see what is the solution or what is the standard that we need to follow to overcome these challenges? I know you are super excited. Let me show you the solution here. These challenges in microservice can be solved using a edge server. We can call it as Edge server or API Gateway. So whatever the name it is, since this server is going to sit on the edge of your microservice network and monitor all the incoming and outgoing requests. That's why we call this as Edge server. Some people, they'll also call it as API, Gateway or Gateway. I hope you are clear with this discussion. I know you may still have some questions here like why we should maintain a separate server which is going to act as an edge server or API gateway. So let me try to answer this question in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.