Inside this lecture, let me try to convince you why we need a separate edge server inside our microservice network. For few seconds let's assume you are not agreeing with me and you decided to not go with a separate edge server for all your external communication. With that assumption, let's try to understand what are the challenges or what are the disadvantages that you may face inside your microservices development. Like you can see first we'll be having our individual microservices like accounts, loans and cards deployed in the respective servers and containers. Now all the external clients who want to communicate with our microservices, they are going to send the request directly to the respective microservice. Here we have three different client applications. They are trying to communicate with the three different microservices. In real projects you may have more than 100 microservices as well, and all those individual microservices, if they start receiving the external communication directly from the clients, we will be facing a lot of challenges and disadvantages. For example, if you want to implement some non-functional requirements or cross-cutting concerns like security, auditing, logging and routing, you need to repeat the business logic related to these and cross-cutting concerns inside all of your microservices. And in the same process, different developers may get assigned to build these cross-cutting concerns in different microservices. Here, there is no guarantee that all the developers, they will follow same standards while implementing the cross-cutting concerns. With that, there won't be any consistency inside your microservices in terms of enforcing security, auditing, logging and routing etc. . To overcome this challenge of inconsistency from various developers, you may try to propose a solution saying that, why can't we build all this logic inside a common library and try to add this common library as a dependency for all the microservices? That's a great advice, but let me try to explain what are the disadvantages that we may have here. Whenever we try to build these non-functional requirements and cross-cutting concerns into a common shared library, you are bringing a tight coupling between your common library and your microservices. In future, whenever you are trying to change some business logic on the security implementation or auditing or logging, you need to make sure that your common library is working with all the microservices without affecting them negatively. Which means you need to do regression testing and enough impact analysis. If you have more number of microservices inside your organization, doing the impact analysis and doing the regression may not be a feasible option. That's why even having all these cross-cutting concerns inside a common library is also a not recommended approach. To address all these challenges it will be a wise decision to have a single gateway which will act as an entry point into the microservice network. So let's try to understand how the Edge server or a Gateway server is going to help us to overcome these challenges. First, we'll be having similar accounts, loans and cards microservices inside our microservice network. Now, in between the client applications and these individual microservices, there will be an Edge server or the API Gateway server sitting and it is going to accept all the requests from the external clients and execute any business logic related to cross-cutting concerns. Once everything about the request is validated, then only it is going to forward the request to the actual microservice. So the advantage with this approach is, your edge server is capable of implementing a lot of functionalities, including cross-cutting concerns like security, logging, auditing. Apart from these cross-cutting concerns, with the help of these edge server, you can also prevent cascading failures and make your downstream services fault tolerant and resilient to the exceptions or errors. So I'm going to explain how to make our microservices fault tolerant with the help of Edge Server in the coming sections. But for now, please note that using Gateway or Edge server, we can also make our downstream services fault tolerant and resilient in nature. Apart from these functionalities, we can also implement retries timeouts for all the internal service calls with the help of this edge server. And if needed, we can also enforce some quota related policies on the incoming traffic from a particular client. For example, think like you have various plans inside your organization and based upon a plan that is subscribed by a client, you want to enforce some quota limitations. Maybe you have plans like standard, premium and advance. So based upon these plans, you want to enforce different, different quota limitations on a respective client. All such quota limitations you can also achieve with the help of this edge server or API gateway. Since we have all these advantages, it will be a wise decision to have a separate edge server for all your microservices. Still, if you are not convinced with me on why we should have a separate edge server, let me try to show you a different perspective on what API Gateway or Edge server can handle inside your microservices. Like you can see here, we have clients applications and microservices. In between the microservices and client applications, our API Gateway or Edge Server is going to act as a mediator. Inside this API gateway I can implement many functionalities in the very first step, we have the external clients sending the request to the API gateway and my API gateway can perform validations on the request. It can do some include and exclude list where it can perform some checks related to blacklisting or whitelisting of the IP address. And very similarly, it can also perform some authentication and authorization. And after the authentication and authorization, we can also enforce some rate limit, which means we can limit the quantity of requests or the amount of requests coming from a particular client. And very similarly, API Gateway is capable of performing dynamic routing, service discovery, modify request and response, and if needed, it can also perform protocol conversion. Maybe all the external traffic you are trying to accept with the Https protocol, but you want to forward the request using Http protocol to all your microservices. So such kind of protocol conversion you can perform with the help of API gateway. So you can activate or deactivate all these functionalities of API gateway based upon your business requirements. There is no mandatory that you need to implement all these components inside your API gateway. And at the same time, this is not the full exhaustive list on what my API gateway is capable of. My API gateway can do more, but I'm trying to highlight here most commonly used functionalities of API gateway. So after performing all these validations and executing all the business logic related to these components, my API gateway is going to forward the request to the actual microservices. Apart from these regular positive scenario, we can also handle negative scenarios like implementing the exception handling, implementing circuit breaker to make our microservices fault tolerant and resilient in nature. We're going to discuss about Circuit Breaker in the coming sections, but for now, please note that using this circuit breaker implementation, we can make our microservices resilient in nature. And apart from these positive and negative scenarios, your API gateway is also capable of sending all the logging and monitoring related information to an tools like Grafana, where using these tools we can look all the logs or errors or monitoring related information using beautiful dashboards. And if needed, we can also integrate our API gateway with an Redis cache, which means you can write some business logic by leveraging the cache that you can store inside this Redis component. So these are all the capabilities of API Gateway. And here you may have a question like why can't our Eureka Server do all these tasks? It's a very valid question, but the purpose of Eureka Server is strictly to implement a separate pattern, which is service discovery and service registry. Apart from service discovery and service registration, your Eureka Server is not capable of performing all these non-functional related requirements or implementing cross-cutting concerns. That's why we need to go with the API gateway and this will also give flexibility to the organizations. If they don't want API gateway related functionality, they can simply ignore it and go with the Eureka server. If someone need both of them, they can use both these components having different, different servers or components handling different, different problems inside microservices will also give options to the organizations which one they want to pick and which one they want to ignore. Now, I'm assuming you are convinced that we need to implement these gateway inside our microservices. The very immediate question that you may have here is, this looks very complex to me how we are going to build such an edge server inside our microservices. But don't worry my friend, we have our friend like Spring Boot and Spring Cloud. Using these frameworks, we can easily build the gateway or edge server inside microservices. In the next lecture, let's try to understand more details on how Spring Cloud is going to help us in implementing these gateway inside our microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.