Inside this lecture, let's try to understand how Spring Cloud is going to help us in implementing the Edge server inside our microservices network. You can see here we have a heading for this slide, which is Spring Cloud Gateway. So that gives a clue to you that there is a project inside a spring cloud with the name Spring Cloud Gateway. Using this Spring Cloud Gateway, we can create the edge service very easily, which is of production standard and production ready. Moreover, the Spring Cloud Gateway is built based upon the spring reactive framework. Due to that, it is going to seamlessly process any amount of workload that you can receive inside your microservices network. Since this gateway is going to be the front face to receive all external communication, we can expect a lot of traffic to be handled by this gateway. That's why to make this work efficiently with very less memory and with very less amount of threads, the spring team, they build this project based upon the spring reactive framework. Let's try to understand more details about this Spring Cloud Gateway. Whenever we built an application with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, it is going to sit as an gatekeeper for all the inbound traffic that your microservices can expect. Since this is going to sit in between your client applications and the actual microservices, your client applications, they can never directly interact with your actual individual microservices because they never know what is the actual physical address location of an particular microservice instance. On top of that, you might have enforced some security. With all these restrictions. It will be impossible for my external applications to directly invoke my microservices and with that there is no option for them except sending the traffic to the gatekeeper, which is Spring Cloud Gateway. Here you may think like building these gatekeeper using Spring Cloud Gateway is super, super complex process, but believe me, this is going to be building like any other spring boot application. If you are a spring developer who regularly build projects based upon spring boot, then you are going to feel very, very easy to build the gateway server with the help of this project, which is Spring Cloud Gateway. So you need to write very few lines of code, you need to do some few configurations and add some dependencies. And with that you should be good. We're going to see this in demo in the coming lectures. Apart from just sitting in between the clients and the microservices, whatever application you are going to build with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, it is capable of executing a lot of non-functional requirements and cross-cutting concerns. For example, you can dynamically route the incoming request based upon the context. Maybe inside an request header you have an API version value. So based upon this version value, your gateway server is capable of routing that request to the appropriate versioned backend microservice. It can also handle complex requirements like sticky sessions. If you want to make sure that a particular user request or client request should always go to the same instance where the initial request is processed. So this kind of sticky sessions or user sessions we can also achieve with the help of Gateway Server. And please note that Spring Cloud Gateway is not the only option for the Java developers to implement these Gateway or the Edge server. Apart from Spring Cloud Gateway. We also have Jewel, which is another famous project which we can use to build a gateway at the Edge server. But Spring Cloud Gateway is the most preferred API gateway compared to Jewel, because Spring Cloud Gateway built on the spring reactor, which and it also has integration with Circuit Breaker, Service discovery and it is non-blocking in nature. With all these advantages, your spring cloud gateway is going to perform better compared to the jewel. That's why inside this course also we are going to use Spring Cloud Gateway. The key takeaway from this lecture is, whatever service that you are going to build with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, it is going to sit between your client applications and the individual microservices and act as an central policy enforcement point. So at this centralized location, we can enforce any kind of policy requirements like routing both static and dynamic security, logging, auditing, metric collection, whatnot. Let's try to understand more details about this Spring Cloud gateway by looking the official website of spring. So this is the official website which is spring.io. here, If you can click on this project and open the spring cloud project under the Spring cloud there are many other sub projects. The project that right now we are interested is Spring Cloud Gateway. So please click on this Spring Cloud Gateway. Here there is a brief summary about Spring Cloud Gateway, what it is capable of and how it is going to help you. So you can see here Spring Cloud Gateway aims to provide simple and effective way to route to APIs and providing cross-cutting concerns such as security monitoring and resiliency. Apart from this spring Cloud gateway features also you can see here it is built upon the Spring project reactor and it is capable to match the roots on any request attribute. It can use predicates and filters that are specific to roots. It has a good integration with the circuit breaker and spring cloud discovery client like Eureka Server. We can easily implement predicates and filters. We can request rate limiting path rewriting. So there are many advantages with Spring Cloud Gateway, but here there are many jargons like predicates, filters. That's why let's try to understand the internal architecture of Spring Cloud Gateway, how it is going to implement all these complex business requirements. That way you will be clear about all these jargons like predicate filters and what they are going to do internally. I hope this is clear. Let's continue the discussion about Spring Cloud gateway internal architecture in the next lecture. Thank you. Bye.