This is the internal architecture of Spring Cloud Gateway. Let's try to understand more details. First we always receive the request from our external clients, and these client applications can be in the form of mobile applications or website or it can be other REST based API as well. So when my client applications, when they send the request to my gateway server, which is acting as a edge server inside our microservices, it is going to take help from the gateway handler mapping. So this is an important component which is going to help my gateway server to identify what is the path that has been invoked by my client application and to which microservice it has to redirect the request. And there is no artificial intelligence here. My gateway handler mapping it can't take a decision to which microservice it has to forward the request. To help my gateway handler Mapping my developer has to do some routing related configurations, saying that if someone send a request to this particular path, please redirect that request to a particular microservice. I'm going to show you in the coming lectures how to perform those routing configurations. For now, please note that this gateway handler mapping is an important and very first component inside the Spring Cloud Gateway, which is going to help to identify the path and routing the request to the corresponding microservice. After my spring Cloud Gateway identifies to which microservice the request has to be forwarded first. It will check if there are any predicates or pre filters configured by the developer. So these two components will be executed before forwarding the request to the actual microservice. So let's try to understand what are these components? A predicate is a logic which will return a boolean value. You can define some conditions to your spring cloud gateway, saying that if a particular condition is met, then only forward the request to the microservices. Otherwise simply reject it with whatever reason. So such kind of conditions we can define with the help of predicates. If you are familiar with functional interface and lambda expressions which are introduced in Java 8, we have a functional interface with the name predicate. So what that functional interface is going to do is, it is going to execute some business logic and will return a boolean value true or false. Based upon the boolean value, the next logic can be executed. Very similarly here also, these predicates will help my Spring cloud gateway to decide whether the conditions defined by my developer is met or not. If they are not met, then it is not going to forward the request and simply deny the request with a proper error to the client application. Let's assume all the predicates defined by the developer are passed and now Spring Cloud Gateway will look for are there any pre filters configured by the developer. Inside these pre filters we can execute any business logic like you can do some request validations, you can do some auditing, logging, you can modify the request, you can perform some security checks. So your requirement can be anything and you may have any number of requirements. All such non-functional requirements are cross-cutting requirements. You can implement using any number of pre filters. Once all these pre filters are executed. Finally, your request will be forwarded to the actual microservice like loans, cards or accounts microservice. Once my microservice processes the request, it is going to send the response and the response will be intercepted by the post filters. The pre filters will act on the request. Very similarly, the post filters, they will act on the response. So before you try to send the response to the actual client application, you may want to modify some response or you may want to perform some validations. All such validations and business logic you can define inside the post filters and after executing all the post filters configured by the developer, the same response will be sent back to the gateway handler mapping and from gateway handler mapping it will send to the actual client application. So this is the internal architecture. I know you may have lot of questions how to configure a predicate, how I can do a routing configuration, how I can define pre filters and post filters. Don't worry, it's my job to make it clear for you. In the coming lectures we are going to define all these components inside the gateway server that we are going to create with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway Project. And one more beauty of the Spring Cloud Gateway is, Spring Cloud team they have done a very good job in defining some predefined filters based upon the most common scenarios that we may face inside the Microservices network. So let's try to understand more details about these predefined filters. For the same, we need to go to the official website of Spring Cloud Gateway. So here inside this Spring Cloud Gateway, you can click on this Learn option and post that click on this reference documentation. So I'm clicking on this, which will take you to the official documentation page. Here there is a lot of information about the spring Cloud gateway. Whenever you have some question on how to implement a particular filter or on how to handle a particular scenario with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, this is your go to place. Since it is not possible for me to discuss everything about Spring Cloud Gateway, I'm showing you this official documentation, but I'll give you enough details for you on how to create a gateway server with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, how to create filters, how to configure them, how to define predicates. So we're going to discuss all those in the coming lectures. For now, let's try to understand what are the predefined filters available. If you click on this route predicate factories, you will be able to see how to configure a route based upon various parameters like header value, cookie, host based route configurations, method based, path based, query based, remote addressed based, weightage based. So these are all the factors that you can use. And very similarly, if you click on these gateway factories here, there are many predefined filters. Like if you want to add some request header inside your gateway filter, you can use this filter. And very similarly, you can also add some request to parameter for the same you can use this filter. There is an AddResponseHeaderFilter, CircuitBreakerFilter, CacheRequestBodyFilter, FallbackHeadersFliter JsonToGrpcGatewayFilter, which means you can convert the request from JsonToGrpc if needed You can also modify the RequestBody using this filter, we can modify the ResponseBody using this filter. So there is also a RetryGatewayFilter, TokenRelayGatewayFilter which will help you while you are trying to secure your microservices. Apart from that, we also have other global filters inside these global filters also, we have many other filters. For example, this gateway matrix filter will help you to collect the metrics. There is also a section related to TLS and SSL, which will help you to perform TLS handshake. So there is a lot of information available on this official documentation. So in future when you have some issues, always refer to this documentation, but this introduction should be good enough for us in implementing a gateway server with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. Let's start the journey of Gateway Server from the next lecture. In the same process, I will also show you few of the features provided by the Spring Cloud Gateway. I hope this is clear, If not, don't worry. While we try to create this gateway server and see the demos, then it is going to be super, super clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.