Now inside this lecture, let's try to create a edge server or a API gateway with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. For the same, since we are into a new section inside my workspace, I want to create a folder with the name section nine, inside which I will try to make all the code changes related to the API gateway. Here I can copy this section eight related folder and paste the same inside the same folder location. After pasting the same folder here, I'm going to rename this to section nine. Once I rename this folder, I can go inside and look for any hidden folder, especially the folder with the name dot idea, which is related to the IntelliJ Idea. So let me delete this folder so that we can open this entire folder section nine into the IntelliJ Idea. Before that, first let me create a simple spring boot skeleton project with all the required dependencies for my gateway server here inside the Start.spring.io you can see I'm going with the Maven project language Java and going with the default selected spring boot version. And apart from that I have filled the group as calm dot, easy bytes and artifact and name as gateway server, followed by what is the description package name and the packaging as jar. And at last I selected that Java 17 version. If you are also creating project along with me, please make sure you also entered the same exact details so that it will be easy for you to compare your code with mine in case of any issues. And right now, while I'm recording this video, the latest stable spring boot version we have is 3.1.2. Like I said before, if you find latest version while you are creating, feel free to select the same. I'm going to update the code inside the GitHub repo every quarter. After entering these details, let me try to add the required dependencies. The very first dependency that we need to add is gateway. So just search for gateway. So this is the starter project which will help us to build the gateway server based upon the Spring Cloud Gateway project. Let me select this after this, since we want our gateway to connect with the Eureka server to fetch all the service registry details of other microservices. We need to make sure we are selecting the Eureka Discovery client dependency. So let me add this as well. The next dependency that I want to add is related to the config client. Since we want our gateway server to connect with the config server and load all the configurations related to the gateway server during the startup, we need to make sure we are adding the dependency related to config client after these dependencies. Next, we need to add the actuator, which will help me to expose certain actuator related APIs. And at last I'll also add the dev tools, which will help me to improve my productivity with faster restarts. With these dependencies, we should be good. Let me click on this generate button, which will generate a new Maven project and download into my local system. Let me take the downloaded package and paste inside my workspace location here. Inside my section nine folder I have pasted that generated and downloaded Gateway Server project. So let me double click on that so that it will get extracted into the same location. I have a folder with the name gateway server. With that I can remove this dot zip file here. As a next step, I'll go to my IntelliJ Idea and try to import all the projects presents inside this section nine. Here inside my IntelliJ Idea, I'm going to click on this open button and go to the workspace folder location like storage workspaces microservices section nine. After that I'm going to click on this open button. This will try to load all the Maven projects present inside this section nine folder. So to complete this process I need to click on this load button. With that, all my Maven projects present inside the section nine will be detected by the IntelliJ Idea. Before I try to get started with the gateway server related changes, first let me open the Pom.xml. Inside this Pom.xml, we need to make sure we are adding the plugin related to the Google Jib. That will help us to generate the Docker image of this gateway server application. For the same we can go to any of the microservices. So inside my account's accounts. Pom.xml. I'm going to scroll down and towards the end I'm going to have a plugin. Details. Before I try to copy this plugin details, I'm going to change the tag name from C to S9. So let me save this changes and load the maven changes. After this I'm going to copy the plugin details and paste the same inside my gateway server Pom.xml. So with this we should be good with the gateway server. As a next step, I'll go and change the tag name. In all other microservices like inside cards microservice, we need to change the tag name from S8 to S9. So let me do the same for config server. Also inside the config server I'm going to change this to s8 to s9, followed by Eureka server. Inside Eureka Server, I'm going to change the tag name from C to S9 and load the maven changes. And after the Eureka server I'll open the loans microservice Pom.xml. And here towards the end I'm going to change the tag name. With this. We should be good with all the palm dot XML. So let me do a build and enable the annotation processing. Now I'll close all my files here. As a next step we need to define certain configurations inside the application dot YAML file of gateway server. So instead of typing all these properties again we can go to any of the micro services like accounts microservice and open the application dot YAML file. Here. Let's try to copy all these properties and we can delete unnecessary properties while we are trying to mention the same inside the application dot YAML of gateway server. But here, before we try to paste the properties, we need to rename the application dot properties to application dot YAML file. So that's what I'm trying to do here. Now I'm going to paste all the properties that we have copied from the accounts microservice here. Let's try to analyze each property and decide whether a particular property is needed or not for a gateway server. So server dot port I want to maintain inside the config server. So that's why I want to remove this here and after this spring dot application dot name we need. But instead of accounts we can mention this value as gateway server. And we don't want any profiles for Gateway server because for all type of environments, the gateway server is going to work very similarly. With that reason, we can remove all these profiles related properties along with that data source and H2 related properties followed by JPA related properties. Also, I'm going to delete, but we need to make sure we are maintaining the spring dot config dot import so that my gateway server can connect with my config server and load the configurations. During the startup, the value is going to be the same like localhost 8071. After mentioning these changes, we should be fine. Now let's try to examine the actuator related properties. We can retain all these actuator related properties, like we want to expose all the management related endpoints, but we don't need these shutdown related properties. We can delete these properties and after this I will retain these info related properties. Now if you scroll down here we have again shutdown related configurations which I want to remove. Next we also have Eureka related configurations. I want to delete all these Eureka related configurations since I want to maintain them inside the config server. There is no reason why we can't maintain them here, since I want my gateway server to connect with the config server and load at least some properties. I'm planning to maintain all these Eureka related properties inside the config server. With that reason I can try to remove all these properties. Now under this info app, the name value I can mention as gateway server followed by a description saying that easy bank gateway server application. Now we should be good with these info details. Now as a next step, we need to add a new configuration to enable the gateway related endpoints inside the actuator for the same. Just below these endpoints, I'm going to mention Mentioned in two point. This is in singular form, so please make sure you are mentioning in the same position like end points and this end point. We need to mention gateway. After the gateway we need to mention enabled with the value. True. So with this I'm trying to enable gateway related end points inside the actuator. Now we should be good. As a next step, let's try to define some properties inside the config server related to the gateway server. As of now, you can see we established the link between gateway server and the config server with this property. Now if you try to see my GitHub repo where we are trying to maintain all the configurations here, there is a file with the name gateway server dot YAML. If you can open this, there are set of properties. The very first one is server dot port. With this, my gateway server is going to start at the port 8072. The next few properties that I have highlighted here are related to the Eureka! I want my gateway server to connect with the Eureka so that it will know what are the actual endpoints of my microservices. With that reason, we need to definitely make sure we are connecting our gateway server with the Eureka server. We already know the purpose of these properties, the same properties we have defined inside the accounts, loans and cards. Microservices. Please get these properties present inside these gateway server dot YAML and create the same YAML file inside your GitHub configurations repo. Now if you see our gateway server has enough details about our microservices, how it is going to get all these details is by connecting with the service discovery agent, which is Eureka. As a next step, we need to tell our gateway server. Please leverage the information present inside the discovery agent to forward all the requests that are coming from the external clients. To provide the same information, we need to add an property inside application dot YAML file. Here, just under the spring, we need to add one more property. The property is going to be spring dot cloud. That's why I'm just mentioning cloud here. Post that gateway followed by Discovery. After mentioning this discovery, we need to mention locator. And this locator we need to mention enabled and the value should be true. With this configuration I'm telling to my gateway please connect with the discovery server which is Eureka server, and locate all the details about the microservices once it located all the information about the individual microservices. I want my gateway server to use the same to forward the traffic from external clients to the individual microservice. So please make sure you are mentioning this property. With this we should be good with all the changes inside the gateway server. In the next lecture, let's try to start all the microservices along with the gateway server. Eureka Server and Config Server and try to test the microservices by sending the request to the gateway server instead of the actual microservices. I also mentioned all the important steps that we followed inside this lecture in this slide, so that you can always have them as reference. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.