Are you ready to see our gateway server in action. I know you are super, super excited and ready before we try to start the gateway server, we need to make sure we started all the remaining microservices config server and Eureka server. Behind the scenes I have started all the services like you can see here. As of now, five services are started. If you are also trying to test the gateway server along with me, please pause this video and first to start the config server followed by Eureka Server and after the Eureka server you can start accounts, cards and loans microservice in any order. Once all these services along with the config server and Eureka server is started, then only at the end we need to start the gateway server. The reason is very simple. We want our gateway server to handle the traffic for all the internal microservices that we have built. For the same, It is going to connect with the Eureka Server to fetch all the details about all these microservices. If you try to start the gateway server before the other microservices, then Eureka Server will not share any information about these individual microservices. That's why we need to always make sure the gateway server is the last server that we are starting and during the startup, my gateway server is going to fetch all the details from the Eureka Server. So let me start my gateway server since I have already started all the remaining services. So I'm just trying to start in debug mode. This will start my gateway server at the port 8072. First, we can try to check the Eureka dashboard. Inside the Eureka dashboard you can see we have three microservices register like accounts, cards and loans. Along with these microservices we also have Gateway Server registered with the Eureka Server. If you try to click on this link, you will be able to see the all the info related information that we have mentioned inside the application.yml file. So let me close this. As a next step, I'll open a new tab and try to open the actuator of my gateway server so the URL will be localhost 8072/ actuator here you can see I'm getting a Json response and I'm able to see this json in a proper format due to the plugin that I have installed inside my Chrome browser. So this is the plugin which is Json view. So please install the same if you want similar kind of formatted response. Here inside this response towards the end we have an API path with the name actuator/gateway. So let me copy this URL value. Now I'll go to the new tab and paste the same value to this path we need to append the path which is/routes. Now if I try to invoke this/actuator/gateway/routes, you can see I'm getting a response Inside this response there is some information related to the each of the microservice. Like you can see if someone is going to send a request to the gateway server, which has a path loans, then this predicate is going to become true. Then it is going to use all this information like it is going to forward the request to the port 8090, which is the port number of loans microservice. And here the port number alone is not going to be sufficient to forward the request. It should also know where my actual loans microservice is running. For the same, you can see under the URL we have lb, lb indicates load balancer and we are telling please redirect the requests that we received to the Gateway server with the Path loans to an uri with the load balancer and the app name as loans. So these app name we have available inside the Eureka dashboard with the same name loans, which means it is going to leverage the service Discovery agent and forward the request to one of the instance of loans microservice by following the load balancing strategy with the help of spring cloud load balancer. Apart from this port number and redirect, you can also see there is a filter configured for all the paths. The filter purpose is rewrite the path. So if you try to understand what is present inside this filter configuration, we are telling my gateway server to leverage the rewrite path filter and this filter, what it is going to do is whenever someone is trying to send a request with a path loans after the loans value, they can send any kind of path value. With the help of this rewrite path filter, we are going to rewrite this entire path that we have received to this path, which means by the time it is forwarding my request to the actual loans microservice, it is going to remove this prefix value, which is loans and simply forward the path, whatever it has received after the loans microservice. I'll show you this in demo in few seconds then it is going to make sense for you. And very similarly, we have similar kind of information for accounts and cards microservice, and there is also some random route ID it has given now coming to the Gateway server information. If you see here, at the end of the day, my gateway server also is an application. If someone wants to invoke some path which I can expose inside my gateway server, they need to send a prefix path gateway server. In such scenarios, my gateway server is going to redirect the request to itself with the help of the Port 8072 and with the details available inside the Eureka Server with the name Gateway Server. So the same name we have registered here. You can see the same name available inside the Eureka dashboard. Now let me show you a demo here quickly so that it will be more clear for you on how this routing is going to work. Inside our Postman, we have an folder with the name Gateway Server. If we can open that, there is a request with the name Gateway server_1, so please try to open the same. Here I want to create a new account by invoking the create API available inside the accounts microservice. But I don't want to directly invoke the accounts microservice because right now we have an edge server which is sitting inside our microservice network. The same I want to use. You can see the port number that I have mentioned here is related to the gateway server. After the port number, we need to mention what is the logical name or the app name that you microservice registered inside the Eureka Server. The name is ACCOUNTS, so please make sure you are mentioning everything in the capital letters because by default, inside the Eureka Server, the application is going to be registered with all capital letters. You can also see the same application name inside the gateway routes. So here, if you can scroll down, this is the path. If someone is going to send a request to my gateway server with a Path accounts, then it is going to execute all the logic based upon the default configurations available here. So let me go to the postman. After mentioning this logical microservice name, we need to mention what is the actual path inside your individual microservice like accounts microservice. So inside my accounts microservice the path that I need to invoke is/api/create to this, we need to forward the RequestBody with the name, email and mobile number. Technically, if you see, I'm sending the request to the gateway server, but behind the scenes it is going to look for the routing related configuration matching with with this path whenever it finds some routing related information for this particular path, it is going to redirect the path by removing these accounts and simply forward the remaining path whatever we have received after the accounts prefix value and to where it is going to redirect the request to this uri, which is load balancer accounts with the help of Eureka Server. Let's try to test this and see if the redirection is going to happen. So let me click on the send button. You can see I'm getting a successful response. Now very similarly, I can go to the gatewayserver_2 and here also I'm trying to send the request to the gateway server. You can see 8072 is the port and accounts since I want to send the request to the accounts microservice post that. What is the uri path that my accounts microservice expect. So whenever we want to fetch the account details, we need to send the request to this path which is api/fetch? mobileNumber=what is the registered mobile number. So let me click on the send button. Here I'm getting an customer not found because I might have used an invalid mobile number. Let me go back to the gatewayserver_1 . This is the mobile number I have used, so I need to mention the same here. So let me paste the value and click on this send button so you can see I'm getting a successful response. Similarly, if you want to invoke the loans microservice related APIs, the external client, they need to send the request with the prefix path which has loans. So if I try to send the request to this, I'll get a not found error because we never created a loan with this particular mobile number. So this way now all my external traffic, I can request my client applications to send to my edge server and my edge server is going to forward the request to the actual individual microservices. So we're not exposing our individual microservices to the external client applications. Here you may have a question like who is stopping our clients to directly invoking our loans microservice and accounts microservice. Off course, with this code setup my clients can invoke the direct URLs also, but in the coming sections when we try to enhance this applications, my clients cannot invoke the microservices directly because I'm going to enforce some security, so that they have to come only through the gateway server. But with this simple setup of Gateway server, we are able to set up the edge server inside our microservices network. We can further try to optimize this gateway server. For now, I'm assuming your super clear with whatever changes we have done. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.