As of now, our gateway server is able to accept the external traffic and it is able to forward the same request to the actual microservices. And how it is able to do is, with the help of these routing details that it fetched from the Eureka server. So you can see here this is the default behavior by default, if someone is going to send the loans inside the request to path with completely small case letters, then what our filter and the configurations are present here will be triggered. So this is the default behavior. And with this default behavior, this is how our clients are external applications they have to send the request to the gateway server. So this is fine Perfectly. As of now, I have given only three examples like create of accounts, loans and card. The same kind of prefix we need to follow for all other APIs present inside the accounts microservice followed by loans, microservice and cards microservice. Sometimes these default behavior may not be suitable for the projects. For example, here I have some custom requirement, which is, I want my client applications to send the request to a path which is easybank/accounts. So this will look more professional in front of my client applications that since they are going to invoke the easybank related microservices, this is going to be make sense. Like inside easybank organization, we have a microservice with the name accounts and inside this accounts microservice we have this path. So this is going to look more professional to me and this is my custom requirement here. So the same way I want to follow for other microservice as well, like for all my microservices, I want this prefix apart from this application name our microservice name. So whenever you have these kind of custom or dynamic routing related requirements, then in such scenarios, Spring Cloud Gateway also gives flexibility to developers to define their own routing configurations. So let's try to understand how to do the same. For the same, I need to go to the main class inside the Gateway server, which is Gateway server application. So inside this class I'm going to create a new method which is going to return a bean. Let me try to create a method here. Public post that what is the return type, the return type we need to mention as RouteLocator. And post that what is the method name? The method name I can keep it as easybank route config. So this is the method name that I want to have. And to this method we need to accept a parameter and the parameter is going to be RouteLocatorBuilder. Once we have defined these parameter inside the body, we need to define our routing related configurations. Before that, let me try to put an annotation which is @Bean on top of this method. So this method is going to create a bean of type RouteLocator. And inside this RouteLocator only we are going to send all our custom routing requirements. For the same inside this method I'm going to write some logic which is return statement. Post this return statement, I'm going to invoke the method parameter, which is RouteLocatorBuilder. Using this RouteLocatorBuilder, I need to invoke the routes method and after invoking this route method I need to invoke the route method. So there is a plural form and there is also a singular form. So first we need to invoke this method which is routes post that we need to invoke a route method which will allow us to define the custom routing configurations. So here I'm going to write a lambda expression P indicates path. After this P variable, I'm going to invoke a method which is path. And to this path method we need to provide the what is the path that my external client applications is going to invoke. The path that they are going to invoke for accounts microservice is, easybank/accounts and after this prefix, easybank/accounts, there can be any kind of path. That's why I'm giving double asterisks here. So whenever a request is being received for these kind of path, I want to execute some filters. That's why we need to invoke these filters method. To this filters method we should again write the lambda expression, which is using a variable f, f indicate filter. So using the same f variable, I'm going to invoke a filter which is rewrite path. So using rewrite path, we are going to rewrite whatever path that we have received to some other microservice specific path. So inside this rewrite path we need to provide some configurations. The same I'm trying to mention here. You can see here what I'm saying is after this prefix path, like easybank/accounts, whatever path is available, please assume that as an segment. Using the same segment value are using the same path. I want the request to be forwarded to the actual microservice. So this kind of configurations you can also see inside the actuator routes. So here you can see using the rewrite filter we are trying to do the same. Like here we have variable name remaining. Instead of this remaining variable name. Here, I'm trying to use a variable name as segment. So whatever comes after these accounts, I'm calling that as a segment and whatever path I have inside this segment variable, I'm trying to consider that as a base path when I'm trying to invoke the actual microservice. I hope this is clear. After mentioning these filter related information, we need to invoke a method which is dot uri. Using this, we are going to provide the configurations to which microservice the request has to be redirected. For the same, we need to mention lb, lb indicates load balancer. I'm trying to tell to my spring cloud gateway, please do the client side load balancer with the help of spring cloud load balancer.  And post that we need to mention the application name at the microservice name that is registered with the Eureka Server. So that's why we need to make sure the same name here, which is accounts. So please don't mention in small letters because if you go and check the Eureka dashboard here, the accounts application name has all completely capital letters. That's why we need to make sure the same inside the routing configurations. So once we have defined this information, we should be good from accounts microservice perspective. As a next step, I want to define similar kind of routing configurations for other microservice. For the same, you can simply try to copy the routing configurations to the accounts microservice before that, let me try to bring this dot to the next line and make sure this entire dot and route is present in the same line. So with this now my routing configurations related to the accounts microservice looks good. I can copy this entire accounts configurations and try to introduce one more route configurations here. And very similarly I will create one more configuration. So now we are going to make some changes. The change is going to be very simple. So instead of accounts I'm going to mention as loans very similarly, we have to mention here as well, followed by here, we need to mention the microservice name, our application name in completely capital letters. Now let me do the same for cards. So the same cards we need to mention here followed by what is the microservice name in complete capital letters. Once we have defined all the routing related configurations, at last we can invoke the method build. And with this build method, an object of type RouteLocator is going to be created which will be converted as a bean with the help of this @Bean annotation. With this, my gateway server is going to identify a bean of type RouteLocator during the startup and with that it can easily recognize that my developer has some custom routing configurations, so I need to follow the same. With this, we should be good with these changes. Let me save these changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, we can go to the postman and try to invoke the microservices with this prefix, which is easybank/accounts or easybank/loans or eazybank/cards. Here inside the Postman under the Gateway folder, you will be able to see a new request with the name Gateway server_03. . If you try to click on that, you can see I'm trying to send a post request with the path localhost:8007 to easybank/accounts/api/create. So this matches with our custom route that we have introduced. So with this now if I try to send the request, you can see here I'm getting an error let me try to see what is this error inside the console of Gateway server. I got an error saying that invalid hostname whenever my gateway server is trying to forward the request to the accounts microservice. So I made a mistake inside the routing configurations after this colon we should make sure there are two forward slashes. The same was missing previously. Let me try to update these configurations and after making these changes I can save and do a maven build. Now I'll go to the postman and try to invoke the API again. So I'm clicking on the send button. This time you can see I'm getting an error which is customer already registered with so and so mobile number. So what I can do is I can try to give some other mobile number. So here I'm trying to replace with a new mobile number and trying to send the request. This time also I'm getting a customer already registered error, so let me change the mobile number to 88. . So this time you can see I'm getting an successful response. Now very similarly, I can also go to the gatewayserver_04 and here I can mention the mobile number and click on the send button. So you can see I'm getting a successful response. This way you can also test the loans and card specific REST APIs as well. Now if you try to refresh this actuator path, you will be able to see many routing configurations. So whatever you see with the prefix easybank, these are our own defined custom configurations, whereas you can also see that default configurations without any prefix like loans, gateway server accounts and cards. So this is going to create a lot of confusion for my clients. It is always a good idea to follow a single routing configurations. For me, this looks very professional because we have a organization name as a prefix along with the microservice name. So that's why what we can do is, we can try to disable all these default behavior, for the same inside the application.yml here we have mentioned the discovery locator enabled as true. Instead I'm going to mention this value as false. With this we should be good. Let me save this changes and do a build. Here I'll try to refresh this page. You can see this time I have simply three configurations. I don't have any other configurations which my gateway server fetch from the Eureka Server. So this looks very professional to me. As a next step, we can try to test one negative scenario, so I'll go to the gatewayserver_01 Here we don't have any prefix of easybank, which means I'm trying to go with the default routing locations of my gateway server, which it fetched from the Eureka server. So if I try to click on the send button this time, you can see I'm getting a 404 error because we have disabled that default behavior and right now we want to go with the our own custom path with the prefix easybank and the application name. I hope you are clear what all changes we have done inside this method. This is going to be super, super simple. Spring Cloud Gateway also supports defining these configurations inside the application.yml. Please look inside the official documentation for more details, but I would always recommend you to go with the Java based configurations because this will allow you to define more complex routing configurations and to define more number of filters. Whereas with the properties inside the application.yml that has some limitations with that reason, always go with the Java based configurations. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.