As of now, inside our Gateway server, we have defined these routing related configurations. Inside these configurations, if you observe first we wrote a predicate with the help of this path predicate. Using this path predicate where we are trying to validate if the given request path matches to this predicate value. If it matches, then we are trying to invoke one of the predefined filter available inside the Spring Cloud Gateway server, which is rewrite path. Using this rewrite path, we are trying to rewrite the path that we have received before we try to forward the request to the actual microservice. And once the rewrite path filter is executed, I am trying to forward the request to the actual microservice. Now, inside this lecture, let me show you a demo of how to add more filters. Like as of now we have only one filter, but in real projects we may want to define multiple filters. That's why to demo the same scenario, I want to introduce one more filter which is responsible to send a header inside the response that we are going to send to the client applications. For the same, first, let's try to refer to the official documentation. So this is the link of official documentation. Before I try to explain about the new filter that we are going to implement inside this lecture, first let me try to give more details on how you need to approach anytime. If you have some question about the Spring Cloud Gateway or any other framework. As of now, you can see here I have defined some routing configurations. You may have a question like how this fell or know that we need to define the configurations in the format that we are seeing here. So that's a very valid question. Many times you may have such questions. Let me try to answer you the same. First, we need to read the complete official documentation and usually inside these official documentation we'll have complete details. For example, if you click on this Fluent Java Routes API here, you can see we have a Java method. On top of this, we have a bean annotation which is accepting a return type of RouteLocator. So this is an official example from the Spring Cloud Gateway team. Very similarly, based upon our own business requirements, we need to change the content of this method. That's what we have done here. Now if you have a question like how we can define routing related configurations with the help of Yaml configurations. That's a very valid question, obviously you need to search inside the official documentation. Suppose if you see here there is a route predicate factories. If you click on this, there are many predicate factories. The route predicate factory that we have used is related to the path. If you click here, there is an example configuration that we can follow whenever we are trying to use dot yaml file. You can see here, by using these properties we can define the same kind of information like what is the ID, what is the what is the predicate? And inside this predicate we need to invoke the path filter. So this is another approach on how we can define routing related configurations inside the gateway server. But like I said, always prefer using the Java style configurations because this will give a lot of flexibility. And with these configurations you can implement any complex requirements. Now coming to the topic that we are trying to discuss inside this lecture, which is we are trying to add a new filter that is responsible to send the header inside the response. So for the same you can always search for the official documentation. So here we have section with the name Gateway Filter Factories. If you can click on that and search for response, there is a gateway filter factory with the name AddResponseHeader, GatewayFilter Factory. So using this Gateway filter factory, we can add a header inside the response and here they have given the configuration with the help of .yml. But since we are using the Java based configurations, we need to look for something very similar. So let's go to the Java configurations and remember these filter name which is add response header. So here as of now we have defined one filter. If I want to define one more filter, I need to press dot post that here there are many filters that you can see which are available as part of the Spring Cloud Gateway server. The filter that we are looking here is add response header. So you can see there is a filter to this filter we need to mention what is the header name and what is the header value. Here first I'm going to provide what is the header name? The header name that I want to consider here is X-Response-Time. So with this header I'm trying to send, what is the time at which I'm trying to send the response to my client applications? So this is going to help them to understand when the response is received and at the same time, if they are looking for some performance related information, they can always calculate when they send the request and when they received the response. And that will give some rough estimate on how much time a particular request has taken to go to the Gateway server and from Gateway server to the microservice and come back to the client. So here obviously we need to send the current date Time, for the same since we are trying to send the current date and time, I'm going to invoke LocalDateTime.now after now I'm going to convert this to toString() value. With this you can see we have added a new filter that is responsible to send the header inside the response. So let me add the similar filter for other microservices as well. So under loans, I'm going to introduce a new filter and very similarly under cards also I'm going to introduce a new filter. So with this we have added the filter in all the microservice related configurations. So let me save these changes and do a build. Now here inside the postman, I'm going to invoke these request. As of now, you can see previously we used to get the only three headers inside the response. Now if I try to send this request to my gateway server this time you can see we are getting a custom header that we have defined inside the response with the name X-Response-Time. And inside this we will get what is the current date and time value. This way we can add any number of filters like based upon your business requirements. Always come here and look for what are the filters that are available. Like there is an filter to add the request header to add the request parameter change request to cache RequestBody, circuit breaker, fallback headers. And similarly there is a header for JsonToGrpc conversion local response cache map request header modify RequestBody and if you can scroll down, there is a modified response body prefix path redirect. So there are good amount of filters available inside the gateway server. So based upon your business requirements, always try to leverage them. And with these filters you should be able to achieve majority of the business requirements. But what if there is no predefined filter inside the gateway server matching with my business logic in such scenarios definitely we need to define our own custom filters. Let's try to understand the same in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.