Now, inside this lecture, let's try to create our own custom filters inside the Gateway server. Before we try to create these custom filters, let's try to decide on what business logic we want to implement with the help of these custom filters. I want to take a business scenario where as soon as my gateway server receives an external traffic or external request, it has to generate a correlation ID. So here ID is a randomly generated value and the same correlation ID I want to send for all the further microservices that my request is going to travel. Maybe if I'm trying to send a request from Gateway server to accounts, from accounts to loans and cards, then I want to make sure the same trace ID are the correlation ID to be sent to all the respective microservices. And using the same correlation ID and the trace ID, I'm going to add some logger statements inside my microservices. While I'm sending the response back to the client, I want to add the same correlation ID inside the response header so that in future, whenever my client has some issues with a particular request saying that the data is not correct or there is an exception happened. So using that correlation ID my developer, he can look at the logs and identify up to which microservice the request has travelled and if there is an exception under which microservice the exception received. So this is what we are trying to achieve with the help of these custom filters. If something is not clear, don't worry. When I'm showing you the demo it will be more clear for you. So for this business logic, I want to create some custom filters inside the gateway server. So for the same, I'm going to create a new package with the name com.eazybytes.gatewayserver.filters. . So inside this package only I'm going to create all my custom filters. So first I'm going to create a new filter with the name RequestTraceFilter. This filter is responsible to generate a trace ID or correlation ID whenever a new request came to my gateway server from the external client applications. And very similarly, I want to add one more filter and the filter name is going to be ResponseTraceFilter . The purpose of this filter is it is going to add the trace ID or the correlation ID into the response so that my client also is aware about that trace ID that is associated with a particular request. After creating these two filters, I also want to create one more class inside this filter package with the name filter utility. So all the logic which is common to these request and response trace filter, I want to define inside this filter utility class. So we need to write some good amount of logic inside these three filters. What I'm going to do is, I will pass the video and I'll try to implement all these business logic behind the scenes post that I'm going to explain you the same. Why I'm doing this is, if I start typing all this code in front of you, it is going to take hours. To save your valuable time, I'm going to code this behind the scenes and post that I'm going to explain each and every line. Don't worry, I'm going to make it these filters very, very clear for you. And off course, you can always refer to the code present inside the GitHub repo and you can copy the code from the GitHub repo or you can type the code by looking at the code inside the GitHub repo. Welcome back after spending few minutes, I'm able to complete all this code behind the scenes. So let's try to understand all the code that we have inside these filters. The very first filter that we have is RequestTraceFilter. And this filter I'm trying to define as a bean with the help of this Component annotation, then only my filter will be recognized by my gateway server. And on top of this you can also see there is an Order annotation with the value one. Sometimes you may want to define any number of filters and in such scenarios, if you want to define an order of execution for your filters, then you can use this Order annotation and mention the value like one, two, three, four. So based upon the order that you have mentioned, using the same order, all the filters will be executed. So this order with the value one will make sure always this filter will be executed first inside my gateway server. And after defining this order, you can also see this class implements a GlobalFilter whenever you want your filter to be executed for all kinds of traffic that is going to be received by your gateway server then we need to make sure we are implementing this interface, which is GlobalFilter. Whenever you are implementing this interface, we need to override a method and implement with the name filter. And to this method you can see we have an server web exchange as an input along with the gateway filter chain. Please note that the project of Spring Cloud Gateway Server is built based upon the spring reactive module, but not based upon the traditional servlet module. That's why you will be able to see some different code like server web exchange, mono avoid. So these are all related to react to module. If you're not clear about these reactive, don't worry, I'm going to explain and make this code pretty clear for you. Using this server web exchange inside the reactive project we can access the request and response associated with an exchange. Inside Gateway there can be any number of filters that we can configure. We'll configure our custom filters and there'll be some predefined filters inside the gateway. So all those filters will be executed in a chain manner. That's why whenever I'm done executing my own particular filter, I need to invoke the next filter inside the chain with the help of this chain.filter() method along with this exchange variable. So that's what we are trying to return here, like chain.filter(). And to this filter method, I have to pass the same exchange that I have received. So that's why we need to make sure we are mentioning these at the end with the help of this return. Since we are not returning anything specifically, we need to make sure we are mentioning these Mono So void means we are not returning anything specifically from this method. We are just trying to invoke the next filter. Inside the reactive we should always use mono or flux. Mono indicates a single object, whereas flux indicates a collection of objects. So here, since we don't have collection of objects and we are not returning anything, we should use mono. And inside this mono we should say void, which indicates I'm not returning anything from this method. Now if you try to understand what is present inside this filter method first, I'm trying to get the request from the exchange and from the request I'm trying to get the headers. So inside all my Http request headers, I'm checking if there is any header already available with this method, which is is correlation id present. If you can go to this method which is present inside the same class. So here, inside this method, again I'm trying to invoke the method present inside the FilterUtility. Let me open this method which is present inside the FilterUtility. So here you can see inside the request headers we are checking if there is any header with the name easybank-correlation id. If there is a header available, we are going to return the value of that header. If not, we are going to simply return the null value. So based upon these output from this method inside my RequestTraceFilter, we are going to decide whether the boolean is going to be true or false. And based upon I'm returning a true or false inside this filter method, I'm going to execute this if and else condition. Whenever I get a true output, it indicates there is already a header with the same name inside the request. In such scenarios I don't want to generate the correlation ID again and this check is going to be super useful in scenarios like my gateway server initially received the request and it generated a correlation ID and added the header, but later on due to some redirections, again my gateway server received the request. So in such scenarios, if my gateway server tried to generate the header and its value again, I will be overwriting the previously generated value which I want to avoid. That's why we need to have this if check inside the else you can see we have a logic to generate the correlation ID and set the same inside the request. So with the help of this generate correlation ID method, we are trying to generate a random correlation ID by using these randomUUID() method available inside the Java. Once we generated these correlationId, we are trying to invoke the setCorrelationId() method present inside the FilterUtility along with the exchange and the newly generated correlationId. So let me open this method. So here, simply inside this method we are just trying to create a new request header. Inside this exchange. The header name will be the value that we have mentioned against to this constraint, which is easybank- correlation ID and the value which we have passed from the RequestTraceFilter. Simply, this filter is generating a new correlation ID or trace ID and setting the same inside the request header. Along with that, we also have logger statements like inside if we are generating a logger statement saying that easybank-correlation id found in RequestTraceFilter and inside else block we added a different logger statement saying that easy bank correlation ID generated in request filter. So this is what we have written inside this RequestTraceFilter and FilterUtility. Now let's go to the ResponseTraceFilter inside this ResponseTraceFilter. I have used a different flavor of defining the GlobalFilter. So previously we have implemented the class, which is GlobalFilter. Instead of this, we can also define our own custom filter by creating a bean of type GlobalFilter. So you can see here I have simply created a class and on top of this class I have put this annotation which is @Configuration. And inside this class I have created this logger variable. Along with that, I also injected this FilterUtility into this ResponseTraceFilter. Now if you see here, I have created a method which is going to return an object of GlobalFilter. Since we want to convert this GlobalFilter object as a bean, we need to make sure we are mentioning this @bean annotation. The method name can be anything but here I have mentioned as post GlobalFilter. So if you see here inside this method, I have written a logic which is I'm accepting the same server web exchange and the same gateway filter chain. And inside this method I have written some lambda expression with the code that we have written, which is chain.filter.exchange. then with this code, my ResponseTraceFilter is going to be executed only after the given request is sent to the respective microservice and a response is received from the respective microservice. So that's the purpose of then method here. So once we receive the response from a respective microservice, we are trying to get the request headers and using these request headers, we are trying to fetch the correlation ID with the help of this get correlation ID method available inside the FilterUtility. So this will give me the correlation ID value and the same correlation ID value I'm trying to set inside the response header and the response header name is going to be the same, which is easybank- correlation ID and the value whatever we have set initially inside the request headers. And there is also a logger here saying that updated the correlation ID to the outbound headers. This way once all our request is processed and while we are sending back the response to the client, my ResponseTraceFilter is going to act as a post filter and it is going to intercept the response and add a new header into the response. So inside our filters, totally, we have added three loggers, one inside the ResponseTraceFilter and inside the RequestTraceFilter. We have added two loggers here and all these loggers of type debug. So in order to print the debug loggers, we need to activate them by mentioning a property inside the application.yml. So let me go to the application.yml and here I'm going to mention a property which is logging and after logging I'm going to mention as level and under this level I'm going to mention the package which is com.easybytes followed by gateway server. After the gateway server, I want to mention a value which is debug. With this what we are trying to tell to the Springboot framework is, whatever logger statements that you see inside the packages com.easybytes.gatewayserver  please print them, all of them if they are of type debug. That's what we are trying to achieve with this property. With this now we have created all the required filters for our business scenario. Now, as a next step, we need to make changes inside the individual microservices because my gateway server, whenever it is trying to forward the request, it is also going to send the a new request header with the correlation ID value. The same header my microservices has to accept and read the value and using the same value they can try to add some logger statements inside their own business logic. So let's try to make these changes in the next lecture. Before you try to come to the next lecture my request here is, to understand all this code that we have written here, and if you have any questions, please try to rewatch the video and that will bring some clarity to you. The remaining changes we can continue in the next lecture. Thank you Bye.