Instructor: As of now, we have implemented an entry point or an edge server with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway inside our microservices setup. Around the same concept, we have some good amount of design patterns available in the industry. Inside this lecture, what I'm going to do is I'll try to explain all these design patterns around the API Gateway concept. In the same process, you will hear some jargons very first time. I want you to be aware about all these design patterns since they're going to be helpful in any microservice specific related interviews. The very first pattern that I want to explain here is API Gateway pattern. Whenever someone is trying to talk about this API Gateway pattern, they are referring to a component which is going to act as an entry point into your microservices. We build the same component with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, so whenever you have this kind of setup, this entry point is going to take care of streamlining the communication security and routing to the microservices. As you can see here, we have client apps like web and mobile. Whenever a client is trying to send a traffic towards my microservice, this central component which is acting as an API Gateway, it is going to take care of various crosscutting concerns like security routing, communication. I hope you're clear with this pattern. This pattern is nothing but building a edge server or an unified entry point for your microservices. We have already done this inside this section with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. The next pattern that we have is Gateway routing pattern, whatever edgeware or entry point component that you have built, if it is capable of routing the incoming client request to the appropriate backend microservices based upon various factors like URL, headers, and request parameters, then that edge server, we can assume it is implementing the Gateway routing pattern. Whatever edge server that we have implemented with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, it is capable of performing the routing the request based upon the URL values. That's why we can safely assume we have implemented this pattern as well inside our microservices. The next pattern is Gateway offloading pattern. Don't get confused with all these jargons and with all these names. Once we are done with this lecture, I will request you to look at the slides one more time so that it is going to be clear for you. In this pattern, what is going to happen is if you are edge server or your entry point into the microservices, if it is capable of handling the crosscutting concerns such as security, caching, rate limiting, monitoring, then search component, we can assume it is implementing the Gateway offloading pattern. Since these edge server, it is offloading the cross-cutting concerns from the individual microservices, this name came, which is Gateway offloading pattern. So what kind of tasks that we can offload? All cross-cutting concerns like security, caching, auditing, load balancing, SSL termination, this kind of tasks we can safely offload to the Gateway. We can't offload the business logic of accounts to the Gateway because that will defeat the whole purpose of developing the microservices. Only the cross-cutting concerns we will be offloading, so whatever edge server that we have built so far with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway, since it is taking care of some crosscutting concerns, we can assume our Spring Cloud Gateway, it is implementing this pattern. In the coming sections, we are also going to implement security and other crosscutting concerns inside our edge server. I hope you are clear with this pattern. The next pattern that we have is Backend For Frontend pattern. The short name for this pattern is BFF. Whenever someone is following this pattern, what they're going to do is they're going to have multiple edge servers or entry points into their microservices network. Each of the edge server will be developed focusing a particular type of client. For example, here for my microservices, I'm expecting the traffic from various kinds of clients like web, mobile, and tablet. So for these different kind of clients, if I have different edge servers or API Gateways, then search implementation, we can call it as Backend Frontend pattern. So whenever a web application is trying to send a request to the microservice, they should always send the traffic to this API Gateway, which focus on the web. The same applies for mobile and tab. Here you may have a question, which is why should someone build various edge servers focusing various clients? This can be a question. Let's try to answer the same. Usually for complex applications or for big enterprise applications, they may have various requirements. For example, when they're trying to send the response to the mobile application or tablet, they may want to compress the response so that the compressed data can be easily processed by these lightweight clients like mobile and tablet. Similarly, they may have requirements to send various different types of responses based upon the client type. For example, for an API, if the request is coming from the web, they may want to send various details inside the response like images, transaction details, because usually web applications will have more space to display all this content. But coming to the mobile application, since the space is very limited, the response should have some limited information. Maybe they don't want to send the images, they only want to send the transactions information, and along with the transactions information, they want to send some summary information as well. These kind of client specific requirements, we should be able to easily implement with the help of Backend For Frontend pattern. So these microservices, they're always going to send the same response, but in between these edge servers, they're going to do some filtering on the response based upon these client applications. I hope you're clear about this pattern. Let's go to the next pattern. Many times we may have a requirement to fetch the information from multiple microservices and send this combined response to the client application. The client application may want to display or may want to process this combined data from various microservices. In this example, let's imagine the bank website has an UI page where they want to display the summary of account, summary of loans, and summary of cards. In the same page, they want to display the data from all these three microservices. In these kind of scenarios, there are multiple approaches that clients can follow. The very first and basic approaches, the client can individually call the accounts, loans and cards. With these, what is going to happen? Three different requests will go to the microservices, which is not the recommended approach because you are sending too much traffic. And the second approach is, which we already implemented in the previous lectures when we are discussing about the Eureka, in this approach, what we can do is we can send the request to one of the microservice, which is accounts. This accounts microservice will in turn make the call to the loans and cards, and inside the accounts microservice, the entire data is going to be combined and the single response will be sent back to the client application. The similar kind of setup we can do inside the edge server or inside the API Gateway as well. In this approach, what is going to happen is the API Gateway is going to take care of invoking all the multiple microservices and combining the data into a single response. So all this responsibility will be handled by the API Gateway. What API Gateway is going to do in this scenario, once the client send the request, my API Gateway is going to take the responsibility of invoking all the applicable microservices. The data is going to be combined here. The combined response will be sent back to the client application. Whenever you have implemented this kind of logic inside your API Gateway, you can assume you have implemented or followed the Gateway aggregator or Gateway composition pattern. So here what is happening, your Gateway is aggregating that data from all the microservices or it is composing all the data from the microservices. From the client perspective, they always going to make a single invocation to the API Gateway. Basically, inside the API Gateway, you're going to have some API with the name like fetch summary. From this fetch summary business logic, you can invoke all these individual microservices, combine the data and the combined data will be sent back to the client application. I hope you're clear with all these patterns. In total, I have discussed five different patterns which are related to the API Gateway. So please try to revise the slides that I have provided and make sure you are clear about these patterns. In future, whenever someone is asking about these patterns or jargons, don't get confused. Take a deep breath and try to answer them based upon the knowledge that you have acquired inside this lecture. Thank you, bye.