So let's now derive the results data. And for that, of course I'll use this calculate investment results function, which I'm providing to you in that investment.js file. Therefore, in here in Results.jsx, we can in the end derive our results from that input prop here, which in the end of course is that user input state. So we can derive our results from that state. And as you learned before, deriving values, computing values based on state is something you'll do a lot in React. Therefore, here in the results component, I'll use this calculate investment results function, which must be imported from the UTIL folder and DRD investment.js file like this. And to calculate investment results we should pass our input here because that input will be an object at least here in my app that has this shape I'm expecting here. If you are managing your state differently, or if you use different property names in your user input state, you of course first must transform your input object, or create a new user input object that then has this shape here. But here in my case, this user input state which I'm managing in the app component already has the right shape, and therefore I can just pass this prop value like this to calculate investment results. And with that, I'll get my results data here, and for the moment I'll just console.log this results data in this component so that we can take a look at those results. And if I save that and I open the console and I reload, in the developer tools I get an array with 10 elements starting at the index zero. And as you can see, these 10 elements are for the 10 different years. And then in there you can see that for every year I have the amount invested in that year, which of course is the same for every year since it's simply this amount here. But I then also got the interest earned in a given year, which is different for those different years. And then also the value of my investment at the end of the year, which is simply my initial investment, plus any annual investments, plus that interest earned. And of course also the interest earned in earlier years. So that's my investment data. And if I clear this and I, for example change the initial investment, you see that this gets recalculated, but you now also see that I seem to have a strange error in there. The interest amount looks pretty wrong and the value at the end of the year does as well. And then from a certain point on I'm getting not a number as an interest value. What's the problem here? Well, the problem here is that in JavaScript when you're getting the value of an input field, like here for this initial investment input field, but really for any input field, that value when extracted as we're doing it here will always be a string. Even if you set the type here to number this does not influence the type of value you're getting in JavaScript. Instead, you will always get a value of type string. And that is the problem here in our calculate investment results function, because in there I'm then in the end performing mathematical calculations with strings. And when using the plus operator in a calculation and one of those values is a string, JavaScript will not use the plus operator to add two numbers, but instead it will concatenate to two values as a new string. Which leads to these super long numbers here, which in the end are not numbers but simply concatenated strings. And you can see this here in year one, in the first year. Here, in the end that's simply the number 15,000, which is my initial investment combined with the number 2,100, which is my annual investment and this interest earned here. So these in the end are two numbers, not treated as numbers, but instead concatenated as a string. And that's the problem here. That's the bug in this application. And to fix this error, we should go back to the app component where we are storing the values entered by the user and we should simply add a plus in front of new value. Because simply adding this plus here will force a conversion of this string value to a number value. And with this simple fix added here if you now reload and you change that investment here, you'll see that this bug is gone and we now instead do get proper numbers here. And with that, we now therefore get our results in this results component and we can as a next step output these results in a table.