So, in this almost finished app here, we got this input area, and then we got this results table down here. But this app still has some flaws. Most importantly, if I enter a negative duration, in that case my app crashes with an error message. Or if I change the duration to zero, then the same thing happens. We also can enter a negative investment amount, though here you could argue that this allows you to calculate how liabilities change over the years. So, that maybe is acceptable. But the app definitely should not crash if we enter zero here. Instead, it would be nicer if we would output some error message here below the input area, hence allowing the user to easily change their input again. And therefore, back here in the code, we want to make sure that this results component is output conditionally. To be precise, it should only be output if we have valid user input. And of course, in this app component, we can therefore simply add a new constant or variable where we derive the information whether the input is valid, or not based on this user input state. And I'll do this here, right below this state, to keep those related values together, even though technically you could of course add it anywhere in this app component. But here I'll add a new constant, which I'll name inputIsValid, which sounds like a descriptive name to me. And this should be true or false depending on whether the user input is valid or not. Now as I just explained, this input here should be valid if the duration is at least 1. It should not be 0 and it should not be negative. For all the other values here, I can live with negative values since you could simply calculate different things with that, but for the duration, I need to enforce a positive value. And of course, you could also edit this app and its code to also enforce positive values for those other inputs if you wanted to. But here I'll simply check the duration and therefore inputIsValid should be true if userInput.duration is greater or equal than 1. That's my condition here. And if this condition should not be met, inputIsValid will be false. And therefore, now we can use inputIsValid to conditionally render results. By simply adding inputIsValid here and then using either a ternary expression, or simply this double ampersand shortcut here to conditionally render this results component. And I also want to show a fallback message if the input should not be valid. So, here we can check if not input is valid, and in that case I want to output a paragraph where I simply say, please enter valid input data. Or maybe, to be more specific, please enter a duration greater than 0. And I'll give this paragraph a class name of center, since this is a class, I defined in the index CSS file that will make sure that this looks nice. And with that if I reload, I still see my table and I will see my table as I change those inputs, and you see that the table dynamically recalculates as I change those inputs but if I change the duration to 1, it also still works, but if I change it to 0, you see it breaks, and if I change it to a negative value, it also breaks and I see this error message. But if I go back to a positive number again, this all works again. And that's now the finished app.