This course section here is all about practicing those important React essentials we covered throughout the previous course sections. And to practice those essentials, in this section here, we'll explore yet another brand new demo project. Our React-powered Investment Calculator which the website visitors can use to calculate the future value or actually multiple future values for given investment parameters. And whilst we, of course, already did build various demo projects up to this point, this demo project here is all about you practicing what you learned because in this section, we're not going to dive into new concepts or new React features. Instead, we're going to build this Investment Calculator web app so that you can practice working with components or with state, and that you can practice outputting list and conditional content. Because my task for you is that you try building this project. And to help you with that, I created a starting project to which you, of course, find attached both a local version and a CodeSandbox version. For the local version, as always, if you want to use that, you have to download and extract it and then run npm install. And once you did that, you have to run npm run dev to spin up that development server. This is not needed on CodeSandbox. But with that up and running, with that starting project here, your goal is to add components and state and all the things that might be needed to build this Investment Calculator web app. Now, to make this process of building this web app a bit easier and to allow you to focus on the React features you learned about, in this starting project, in the src folder, you'll find an index.css file, which already includes a bunch of CSS code so that you don't have to write any custom CSS code to build this web app. And if you take a look at this CSS code, in there, you also might find some hints on how you could structure your web application regarding some components you could build. Maybe for example, a user input component that groups these user input fields together. Though, of course, in the end, it's totally up to you how you build this app because there also won't be a single correct solution. Instead, there will be multiple possible solutions. This section is really just about you trying out what you learned and practicing what you learned. But besides this CSS code, you'll also find a util folder in that src folder besides the assets folder with an image you can use. And in that util folder here, you find an investment.js file which includes a calculateInvestmentResults function which you can use to derive these results that are shown in this table, in this finished app. And I'm providing this function to you so that you don't have to come up with the logic for calculating those investment values, but that you instead can focus on the React concepts. And you'll also find a formatter object in there which is being exported and which therefore can be imported in other files. Just as this calculate investment results function. And this formatter object is simply a utility object that you can use to format numbers to look pretty and to look like currency, just as you see it in that final result I showed you. And with that, you got a goal, you got a starting project, you got some helper files. And now my challenge for you is that you try building this Investment Calculator web app that you use the React concepts you learn about. And that you of course, don't get discouraged if this takes you some time. Because after all, this is the first practice where you should work totally on your own. And therefore, it's totally fine if this takes you a bit longer or also if you are not able to build this. Because that's of course the idea behind practice, failing, learning, and becoming better. And therefore, starting in the next lecture, I'll build this web app together with you. I'll walk you through my solution. Though I, of course, also want to emphasize that my solution is just one possible solution and definitely not the only solution. So definitely give this a try on your own first before you then take a look at my solution.