So let me walk you through my solution. And for that here, I'll start in the SRC folder and I'll start by adding a new Components folder because of course we're going to add some components here. And I will start my solution here by adding a header component, a header.jsx file which exports a header component function. And the idea behind this header component function is of course to simply be used here in the app component so that in there I can output my logo and my title. And we could definitely alternatively also add the header code right here in the index.html file. That would be possible as well because the header component I'm about to build will not really be dynamic. But here, I'll go for the component approach instead. And therefore here in this header component, I'll of course return some JSX code because that is what you'll do in components. And I'll return a header element in here, the built in header HTML element or JSX element here to be very precise. And in this header, I want to have an image and I want to have an H1 tag. And between those H1 tags, I'll say Investment Calculator. So that'll be the main title that should show up on the screen. And here for the image, I'll add a source, which I'll set to a dynamic value because I want to import this investment calculator PNG file, which you'll find in the Assets folder. So for that here in header.jsx, we can import this logo. The name is up to you. From, and then here the path is going up one level because we are in the Components folder right now and the Assets folder is in the Source folder which is the parent folder of the Components folder. So therefore we need to go up one level then dive into the Assets folder and then target this investment-calculator.png file. And with that, we can use this logo here as a dynamic value for this SRC attribute. And for the alt text, I say, logo showing a money bag, because in the end that is what you can see on this logo. With that, I have this basic header component and we can now of course use this component in the app component which is the root component of this app, since it's this app component that is being rendered by the ReactDOM part of the React library into this HTML element with the ID root. So into this div here, which has this ID root on it. Therefore, in the app component, I'll replace this H1 element with my custom header component which starts with an uppercase character. And we of course also must add this import to the header component to make this header component which is defined in a different file available in this app.jsx file. And we should add .jsx here in this import path at the end of this import. And with that, if you save that and you got that development server up and running, if I reload this, I'm getting an error that it's not finding that image as it seems. Might be a typo. Yeah, the image had a dash logo at the end. But with that fixture, we see the image here and we see the title. And of course now it would be nice if the styles would look a bit nicer here. And to achieve that, we can take a look at the index.css file. And in there we'll find some rules that look for an element that has the ID header on it. And that will be used for styling and for styling the image tag inside of an element with that ID on it. And therefore, back in header.jsx, we can achieve a nicer styling by adding the ID prop to the header element and setting this to header. And with the ID added here, this header looks much nicer and we can therefore move on to the next part of this practice app.