So let's dive right in. And let's start by exploring our first important, slightly more advanced React pattern, the Compound Components React pattern. What is that pattern all about? What are Compound Components? Well, Compound Components are components, React components, that you build such that they don't really work on their own, so standalone, but instead, only together in conjunction. And to understand this pattern, it helps to take a look at some default, built-in, standard HTML elements. Outside of React, we don't have to care about React here. If we consider the select and the option elements, again, two built-in elements built into HTML, then those elements aren't that useful on their own. If you try using just the select element or just the option element, you won't achieve much. Instead, these elements are meant to be used in conjunction. Then you can use the option element inside of the select element to define options for a dropdown. That's how these elements work. And we could call them compound elements or Compound Components because they really only work together. And it turns out that we can also build such kinds of components on our own in our React apps and that in certain situations, we also might wanna do that. So let's explore such a situation now. My first goal in this demo app here is to build an accordion. So basically a section on my page where I got multiple topics and we can click those topics to expand them. The special thing about the accordion then is that as we open one of those elements, any other open elements close. So these elements need to know about each other so that we can control them together. At the same time, I wanna make sure that every element on its own is pretty independent, can be styled as I need to style it, and can receive any content I want to pass to that element. And that's exactly what we can build by using that Compound Components pattern. Therefore, here in this project, to get started, I'll add a new components folder in the src folder, and in there, an Accordion folder, which will hold all those accordion components that are meant to be used in conjunction. And here we can now start by adding an Accordion.jsx file, which should hold an export and Accordion component function like this. And in its simple form, we could say that this function should deal with creating a shell for the Accordion, so a wrapper for all those Accordion items. And that wrapper could be ul elements since we'll output a list, essentially. Then, of course, we could expect some props and use prop destructuring here to get the items that should be rendered. And then here in the list, we could map through all those items to output those list items. And then we could add the logic for managing those different items and for making sure that only one of those items is open at the same time, all to that Accordion component here. We could do that, but if we would do that, it would be possible in some ways but not really convenient to make the individual items highly configurable so that we can, for example, control what the content of every item should be. We would essentially hard code it all here into this one component. Therefore, instead of accepting the items here, I simply expect to get the special children prop. And I wanna output that here between my unordered list tags, so that at the moment, this Accordion component will only create a shell for whatever con that we want to have in there. Now it will soon do more than that, but for a start, it will do that. In addition, I'll also expect a className prop and destructure that, or at least I want to be able to work with such a prop. And I wanna set the class name of my ul tags here to the received class name, so that it's not just a content that can be set from outside this component but also the CSS class that's applied to it. And, of course, you could accept more props to make this unordered list here configurable. With that component built here, we can go to the App.jsx file. And in that file here, I want to output the main element and then in there, add a section. And then for this dummy app we're building, add an h2 tag where I say, Why work with us? Because I then, below that heading, in the end, wanna output my accordion with some FAQ items, let's say. So here we can use this new Accordion component and import it from the Accordion.jsx file from the Accordion folder. And then since we built this in such a configurable way, we can set the class name prop here on Accordion and set it to accordion because that is a CSS class I did prepare in the index.css file, which was part of the starting project. And I, of course, also wanna set the content between those tags. And here we could, of course, now add the individual list items, but that's not really the idea when working with Compound Components. Instead, I now wanna build more Accordion components that work together with that wrapper component so that I can output those other components here between those tags. Just as I explained it with the built-in select and option elements, which also are meant to work together. So let's add more Accordion-specific components and let's, for example, next add an AccordionItem, which, I guess, makes sense. We have the list, now we also want an item. So in here, I'll export my component function called AccordionItem(). And here, I now want to return a list item where we then could output title, maybe an h3 title, let's say, which I want to accept through props. So let's say a title prop, which then can be output here. And below that, let's say a div, which wraps the special children prop. So which outputs between those div tags whatever we put between the AccordionItem tags so that we use that special children prop to set the content between those div tags. I also want to accept a className here and set that on my list item here. So className could be the name here. Now with that, we can go to the App component and use the AccordionItem component here between the Accordion component tags, and then we have to set that title prop. And here, since I'm building a list that, in the end, wants to convince customers why they should book with this fictional travel agency, I'll give this first item a title of We got 20 years of experience, and then between the AccordionItem tags, we could output an article. So using the built-in article element where we then have a paragraph that contains the text, You can't go wrong with us, using this special character for the apostrophe. And then, We are in the business of planning highly individualized vacation trips for more than 20 years. But, of course, this is totally up to you, doesn't really matter. Just some dummy text. The important thing is that we got such an accordion item. And we can now copy that and add a second item here, which could have a title of, We're working with local guides. And then here, again, we could output some article, though we could of course also use any other markup here. It doesn't have to be the same as in the first AccordionItem, but here, I'll, again, output an article where we then could say, We are not doing this alone from our office. And then here, maybe add some other dummy text where we say, Instead, we are working with local guides to ensure a safe and pleasant vacation. Something like this. Now if we do all that and we save all files, you should see something like this on the screen, which is not the final result. But you can, of course, see, hopefully, unsurprisingly, that we got these items inside of some box with a border, which is coming from the Accordion and the CSS class I added there. Now we can change the styling a little bit by adding a class name to AccordionItem, and it should be accordion-item. That's another CSS class I prepared in advance, and I'm adding it to both AccordionItem components here. But even with that, the styling just looks marginally better, not that much. And most importantly, of course, we don't have that feature of opening those items on demand and ensuring that only one item is open at the same time, and that is, therefore, what we'll implement next.