Now that we explored Compound Components in depth, it's time to move on to another important React pattern, and that would be the render props pattern. But what's that pattern all about? Well, the core idea behind this render props pattern is that you pass a function as a value for the children prop or actually for any prop, but it's most commonly done for the children prop. So the idea is that you have one component that defines some function, which important, must return something renderable. So a function in a component where that function in the component then returns something renderable, and it's then this function which is passed as a value for the children prop. So between those component tags to another component, component two, and that component then returns the result of calling that received function, which is why this function must return something renderable. Sounds weird? Well, let's take a look and let's also take a look at when you might wanna use this pattern. Now I'm back in that project from before and now I want to build a new reusable SearchableList component, which should be a component that displays a search input field and contains the logic for searching through the items that are passed to that list. And the idea is that this component can be used on different kinds of data, and very important that this component is all about containing that search logic, but not really about controlling how the items should be rendered. So I wanna build a component that contains a lot of logic, possibly also some complex logic, but that's not really involved too much with rendering the items that are searchable. And that's a use case where render props can help us. So for that here, I'll add another new folder in the Components folder in that existing project and I'll name it SearchableList. And then in that folder I'll add a SearchableList.jsx file, which will export component function called SearchableList, of course. Now, this SearchableList component function should then receive the items that should be searchable, so the list items that should be searchable, and then it should return div, let's say with a className of searchable-list, which is a CSS class I already defined in the starting project to give us some basic styling. And then in that div, I wanna have an input of type search with a placeholder text of search, let's say. And then below that input, I wanna have an unordered list. And we'll then output the items down here. And for the moment, I'll do that by mapping every item to a list item, though we'll change that later, as explained. For the moment, I'll just use the item as a key then, and then output the item here like this. Again, this part will change later though. But with that we can go back to the app component and in there, below that accordion stuff here, let's say we can add another section where I wanna use my SearchableList. And for that, of course, you should import that component. And for the moment, we can use it as a self-closing tag and simply set items to some random items of your choice. Now, here for this project, I prepared some items and attached you find a link to a file that contains such a PLACES constant, which contains a bunch of dummy data. And it's now this Places dummy data, which I'll pass as a value to items, PLACES written like this. And then we could also output another instance of that SearchableList and output some other data here, for example, an array of simple strings like this. So I'm using the same component twice to output different data. Now, for that Places data to work, you should then also add a bunch of other imports, which you also find in that attached file to import the images that belong to those places. Now, with that done, we have two SearchableLists and therefore, if we reload the app, we'll actually be greeted by an error that we have two children with the same key. So what I'll do for the moment to fix this problem is actually get hold of the index of the specific item and use that as a key, just as a temporary solution. In addition, to make sure that we can actually see something on the screen, even if we're trying to output an entire object, as it will be the case for Places, which is an array of objects, I will actually call toString here on item. Again, this is also just a temporary solution but with that, we see something on the screen, not the final result, of course, but we see something. And before we'll improve what we see here, I actually wanna work on that search logic and make sure that we add that to SearchableList.