So let's add the search logic to SearchableList. For that, we can start by managing some state here to store the current search term that was entered by the user into this input field. Initially, this could be an empty string but then, I, of course wanna update that state whenever the user does type into that input field. So here we have the state and the state updating function. Next, we can add a function called handleChange, for example, where we get an event automatically since all connect this function to the input through the built-in onChange prop as we did it many times before in this course. That will then make sure that we get to this event. And then in here, we can set the search term to event.target.value. So to the text entered by the user. Now, with that state being managed, we can then derive the search results, solve the items that should actually be rendered based on that search term. By taking all the items we could potentially render, so all the items we receive through props and calling the filter method on items, expecting this to be an array. Now, filter then should return true if an item should be kept or false if it should be dropped. And we have to pass a function to filter, which will be executed automatically by JavaScript. And then it's this function that should return true or false. And here in that function, I will return true or false by using the built-in JSON stringify function to convert every item that we receive to a parsable, readable string. And then I'll convert all the text in there to lowercase and check if that text, so that converted item, all to lowercase if that text includes the search term also converted to lowercase, like this, That's now my logic for deriving true or false. Now, you could come up with a more refined search logic, but this basic logic should do here for this example. Now, you could definitely come up with a more refined search logic here if you wanted to, but for this example here, this will do. And now, it's the search results that should be output down here with that map method. Now, with that, if we save this and we go back to the page, you will see in that second search box, that if I type a one, I only see item one because item two does not include the character one in its text. If I type something more complex, I don't see anything. If I type two, I just see item two. If I type item, I see both. For the first searchable list, it also works like this, but there, it's not as easy to see. Here, we are dealing with some places data, and if I would, for example, type in African, I would indeed only filter the list down to this one single place. But since we're currently outputting it like this, we wouldn't see that. But we can see that the search logic seems to work. But the problem we're now facing is that this searchable list is great at searching stuff but not that great at outputting stuff. And that it should be usable with all kinds of data in all kinds of formats. Hence, it can't output that data in a correct way. Because for simple strings, we might want to output the string text like this. And for more complex objects, we might wanna output a more complex markup. And that's where render props can now help us.