In this situation, in this SearchableList component here, this feature of render props allows us to get that concrete rendering logic. So how something should be rendered out of this component. For that, I'll pull out the special children prop from the incoming props and I then want to use it down here where we render the list items. So between the list item tag, but here I now don't wanna output children like this, but instead, I wanna call it as a function because if I would output it like this, not called as a function, children would have to be some markup, which would then be the same with the same text inside of it for all list items. But of course, I want to say markup with different text inside of it with different text for every item. Hence children must be some function to which I can pass the item so that it's then this function that will be executed for every item and that will then return the concrete JSX code that should be rendered for that specific item in that list item, in that SearchableList component. So the children prop is called as a function here, which might look weird, but which is something you're allowed to do as long as the result of that function is something that can be rendered since you are calling it inside of a JSX snippet. And therefore, we can go to the app component, which is the place where I'm using SearchableList, and we now should pass something between those opening and closing tags. Now, for those places, I prepared a special component, which you find attached, a Place.jsx file, which contains a place component and you can use that component for outputting an individual place. To do that, we now have to pass a function as a value between the opening and closing SearchableList component tags because again, children is expected to be a function. It will be a function where we get the item that is being rendered by a SearchableList because that's how we're calling this function inside of SearchableList. In there we're calling children and we're passing item to children. So we'll get that item here when we create that function that's passed as a value for the children prop. And then here we can return whichever JSX code we want. For example, that place component I just gave you. We can import it from Place.jsx here in the App.jsx file and then to Place, you should pass the item prop, which gets that item that is received from the children function, so to say. Now, for that other list here with the plain text, we also must pass a function as a value for the children prop. And we'll, of course, also get the item here, but here I'm then fine with just outputting that string value and hence I'll just return item like this. And that's this render props pattern. We're passing a function as a value for the children prop in this case so that the other component, the receiving component, can use that received function, which it received through props to render some content. Hence the name render props. Well, and with that you will see that now we're rendering the places like this and the other items like this. And now it's also clearer that search works for those places as well. You can see that here. We can now search just as we were able to search before, but now we also see something thanks to render props.