So now that we learned about Compound Components and that we learned about render props, let's explore another pattern which you'll sometimes need actually, not just in React apps, but possibly in front-end applications in general, debouncing. And what is that? What is debouncing? Well, here in that SearchableList component, we are searching those items in the end upon every keystroke because whenever we type something into the input field, so on every keystroke, this function here gets triggered and this searchTerm state gets updated, which in turn leads to this component being rendered again, which leads to new search results being produced. Now for this demo app where we're only dealing with very simple local dummy data, that's not really a big problem, but it could become problematic if with every update, we, for example, needed to send a new HTTP request, or if this filtering logic here would be more complex and more performance intensive. In such scenarios, executing this entire component function and producing a new derived state on every keystroke in the end, can quickly become inefficient. And debouncing simply is a technique where we don't update the state on every keystroke, but where we instead define some timing threshold where we only update the state if the user stopped typing for a couple of milliseconds, for example. So that if the user types an entire word, we're not updating the search results for every character, but only once the word is done, for example. That's what debouncing is, and that's what we'll implement next. So to implement debouncing here in that SearchableList component, we should start here in handleChange because I now don't always wanna update my state. Instead, I only wanna update the state if the user stopped typing for a certain period of time. Therefore, we can achieve this by using the built-in setTimeout function here. And then by defining any threshold of our choice, for example, 500 milliseconds. You could of course also use a higher value. And then I'll move this state updating function into this callback function of setTimeout. so that the state update is delayed by 500 milliseconds. Now that's of course not all because this would still update the state on every keystroke, just delayed by 500 milliseconds, which isn't too useful. Instead, we can now also add a ref here to this component with the built-in useRef hook, and we could name it lastChange. Now with that added, I want to store the timer identifier that's returned by setTimeout in lastChange. So in that ref, by accessing the current prop on that ref object so that I store the timer ID in my ref. And now we can go to the start of handleChange. So before we execute this timeout code and check if lastChange.current is a truthy value, which it for example will be if we did store a timer inside of it. In that case, I want to clear the currently running timer with the built-in clearTimeout function. So I pass lastChange.current to clearTimeout. Now, why am I doing that here? Well, because with that code, with all that code here added with that if statement, I am making sure that if we have a currently ongoing timer, I clear it, and then we start a new one. So that last state update, which was part of that timer that started in the past was now basically canceled. And instead a new timer with the new state update for the new keystroke, for example, is scheduled instead. But that timer will also be canceled if the user types again and this handleChange function executes again, and that therefore we'll make sure that we don't perform all these state updates, but instead only the latest state update, at least if we keep on typing before that timer expired. Now we're not done though. Instead inside of that setTimeout callback, we should also set lastChange.current to null to clear the stored timer identifier so that if the timer does expire, the timer ID is removed from the ref and this check here, this if statement, won't become active for the next keystroke. Otherwise, if we don't add this line here, the timer id in the ref will never be removed even if the timer did expire, because the ref is not linked to the timer, it just contains the timer id. But we have to manually remove that ID if the timer did expire. And that's indeed all, that's how we can add debouncing so that not every event, not every keystroke will lead to a state update, but instead only keystrokes that happened outside of this threshold. And therefore back here in the application, you can see that as I type, as long as I keep on typing, nothing happens. But once I stop typing, the filter is applied. So if I type african, it only starts filtering after I then waited for a 500 milliseconds, which means I can of course also keep on typing and not get updates for every keystroke. And as mentioned, that can be more efficient than performing the update for every keystroke, especially if this filtering logic here would be more complex or if the filtered results would trigger an extra HTTP request or something like this. So it's not really needed for this demo app, but knowing about this pattern and knowing about this concept of debouncing in general, is definitely important.