In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about another important topic in computer science, the so-called stack abstract data type. It is very similar to a deck of cards that has a Fifo structure. We are going to talk about it soon. What's crucial that if we are dealing with a deck of cards, then essentially we have access to the top of the deck exclusively, which means that we are not able to get the middle card. We have access to the top exclusively. So first of all, stacks are abstract data types. Essentially, they define behavior without the underlying implementation. And we can implement stacks either with linked lists or with one dimensional arrays. We are going to talk about it later when we implement stacks from scratch. Okay. Then stacks has a so-called LIFO structure. What does it mean that the last item we insert is the first item we take out last in, first out. This is the so-called Fifo structure. And we will come to the conclusion that stack abstract data type has a leaf structure. The last item we insert is the first item we take out. The basic operations are. Pop. When we remove the last item we have inserted. There is the push operation that is going to insert another item to the top of the stack, abstract data type. And there is the peek operation that is going to get the value of the top item without removing that item. So this is very similar to the pop operation. But while the pop operation removes the given item, the peek operation is not going to remove that item, it is just going to return with the value of that given item. We are going to talk about it later. Most of the modern programming languages are stack oriented, so this is why stack abstract data type is so crucial, because essentially, modern programming languages store the function calls and the local variables associated with a given function call in a stack of abstract data type. So essentially the underlying operating system has a stack abstract data type containing the so-called stack frames. And every single stack frame contains the local variables and so on. This is how we can execute basic operations, such as, for example, adding two numbers. Multiplying two numbers. These numbers are taken from the stack and placing any return values back on the stack. We are going to talk about it in the coming lectures, at least for me. These are quite interesting topics, because this is how you can understand how a programming language and how operating systems work under the hood. Okay, so let's take a look at a concrete example. First we can push items onto the stack. So for example we push the first item with value ten. Then we push another item with value eight. What does it mean in this case eight is the last item we have inserted. So this is the only item we can get. We are not able to access value ten because it is not located on the top of the stack. So this is an extremely crucial feature of stacks that we can access. The last item we have inserted. By the way, this is exactly what we have been talking about. This is the so-called leaf structure. The last in first out principle. Okay. We can insert another item with value 12. Then we can insert another item with value four. Again, I don't want to repeat myself over and over again, but in this case we have access to the last item exclusively. We can get value four, but we cannot have access to value 12, value eight, and value ten. Because these values are not located on the top of the stack, we have access to the top item exclusively. Okay, so this is the push operation when we keep inserting items onto the stack. What if we would like to remove a given item? This is the so-called pop operation. We keep popping items off the stack abstract data type. And because we have access to the last item, this is why we have to pop the last item we have inserted. So for example, we pop the last item which is four. Then if we call the pop operation again, then we will pop the last item, which is 12. Then we will pop the last item which is eight, and so on. Okay, so this is how stacks work under the hood. Let's talk about the applications of stacks. The main application is the so-called stack memory. This is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture that the stack memory can store the function calls. You can see the illustration of the minimax algorithm. The minimax algorithm is an artificial intelligence related approach. In order to find the best decision in a two player game, this is how you can play, for example, chess or tic tac toe. And essentially it is a recursively implemented algorithm, which means that we keep calling the same method over and over again and whenever we call a given method recursively, this method call will be stored on the operating system related stack memory, which is essentially a stack abstract data type. This is how the programming language can store. The method calls the local variables associated with these method calls, and so on. So it is quite interesting to understand how recursion and how the stack memory works. Exactly. By the way, whenever we use recursion or recursive approaches, essentially we are using the stack abstract data type because these method calls are stored in a stack abstract data type. So this is exactly what's happening with depth first search. Depth first search is a graph traversal algorithm that can be implemented recursively. Or, for example, when we want to find a strongly connected component in a given directed graph. Again, we can use depth. First search with recursion. And whenever we use recursion, essentially we use the operating system related stack abstract data type under the hood.