In the previous lectures we have been talking about the stack abstract data type. And in this lecture we are going to take a look at how to use it in Java. So we can use the stack. For example we are going to store strings. These are going to be names. And then we just have to instantiate a stack like this. Okay. So what do we have to do. First of all we have to import Java.util dot stack. As you can see as usual we can check the documentation at Oracle. So the stack is a generic data structure. As you can see it implements the serializable interface, the Clonable interface collection interface iterable interface and the list interface. There are three extremely crucial methods. Of course we can check whether the stack is empty or not. And of course we can search for a given item. But the most important methods are peek, pop, and push. With the help of the push method, we can insert items into the data structure. And of course it is going to push an item onto the top of the stack. So as far as the stack is concerned, this is exactly what we have been talking about in a previous lecture. It has a so-called LIFO structure. So the last item we insert is the first item we take out. So we have access to the last item we have inserted exclusively. So we can push a new item onto the top of the stack. We can call the peek method that's going to take the item at the top of the stack without removing it, and with the help of the pop method, we can remove the last item we have inserted. So let's take a look at these methods. If we want to insert. Then of course we have to use the push method. By the way, we can use the odd method as well because of course stack is a list. So if we use for example something like this, then of course it is going to work just fine. But usually when dealing with stack we use the push method. So Adam is going to be the first item. Then of course we can insert as many items as we want Joe. For example. Anna. Then I am going to insert, for example, Daniel. And then for example Katie. So first of all, we can use the peak method in order to get. So I am going to print the names and we just have to use the peak method. It is going to return the last item we have inserted, but it is not going to remove that given item. Okay, so the last item we have inserted was Katie. As you can see, if we use the pop method, the pop method is going to return and remove the last item we have inserted. So if we use, for example, the system out print line with names dot size. So this is how we can get the number of items in the stack underlying data structure. Then what do we have to do? Of course, if we print out the size after the pop method, then as you can see, we have removed Katie from the stack and this is why the size have been decremented by one. What about the peak method? The peak method is going to return with the last item and as you can see, the size is unchanged because we haven't removed that given item. Usually we use a while loop and the Isempty method, so while the stack is not empty. So we use something like this. And this is how we can consider all the items one by one. So we have the names. Sorry for that as the stack. And of course we print out so System.out.println. Names dot pop. So we can get the last item we have inserted. And of course we are going to pop the last item until the stack is not empty. So this is how we can get all the items Katie, Daniel, Anna, Joe and Adam. As you can see, we can access the last item exclusively. Katie. Then after removing Katie, the last item is Daniel. Then we get Daniel. The last item is Anna. Then we get Anna. Then Jo and Adam. So what's crucial in a stack? Abstract data type that we have access to the last item exclusively. Okay. And stacks are absolutely crucial in the graph algorithms such as depth first search, such as when finding strongly connected components, such as with shortest path approaches like Dijkstra's algorithm. So stacks have several applications. And by the way, stack memory uses a stack under the hood. So this is the operating system related stack that's going to store local variables and method calls. I'm not sure whether you are interested in these topics or not. I have another course on algorithms and data structures. So if you are interested in what is stack memory and how to implement the stack memory with the help of stack abstract data types. How to use stacks with graph algorithms? Then feel free to check out my other courses on algorithms and data structures. So that's all about stacks. Thanks for watching.