At this point in the course, we already learned a lot about React, and we built a couple of demo applications. But there's one characteristic which all demo applications shared, everything happened on one single page in the end. Sure, the user interface changed from time to time upon certain actions, but it was all on one page, and the URL therefore never changed. It was always the same URL, no matter what happened on the screen. And indeed, that is one of the core ideas behind React.js that you can use it to build single page applications where client side JavaScript takes care about changing what the user sees, and it's technically always the same page. Now that has its advantages, but it also has disadvantages. Most importantly, we lose one of the biggest advantages of the web, the advantage that we can link to certain resources. Because the more complex your applications get, the more you might want to be able to link to certain parts of your website and your web application. Instead of forcing users to always start on the start page and then navigate to different areas manually, it would be nice if users could be linked to certain pages, if you could provide a URL that loads a certain part of your website when visited. After all, that is how most websites work. And at the moment, in our React applications, we lost this behavior. That's where single page application routing comes into play, and where this course section becomes important. Because in this course section, you will learn how you can still build React applications that are technically single page applications. So where we don't fetch new pages from some backend all the time, and you can still have different URLs leading to different pages, so to say, of your overall website. So that you get the best of both worlds, you can still build a single page application, as you will see throughout this course. You can leverage all your React knowledge, and yet you can have different pages with different URLs to which you can forward users and which can be loaded by inserting the right URL in the browser address bar. And therefore, in this course section, you will learn what exactly client side routing is and how it works and why you might want to use it. Though I, of course, already touched on that over the last couple of seconds. You will then learn how to use a package called React-Router which is the most popular routing package for React applications, which is a package that allows us to bring back that multi page feeling to our single page React app. And later in this section, we'll also dive into fetching and sending data, and we'll learn how React-Router can help us with that and how it can actually simplify the process of fetching and sending data.