Now for this course section here, I prepared a new project which you find attached, but it is a very simple project created with create-react-app, and it doesn't contain a lot of content, just some basic styles with which we can work and an empty root component, the app component. And we'll use this project to learn about the basics of Routing before we then later in this course section we'll also build a slightly more realistic project and use more advanced Routing features. But for the basic features and to understand how Routing generally works, we'll use this dummy project. Now to add Routing, we'll start by installing an extra package. And for this, I'll open this terminal integrated in visual studio code which is automatically navigated into this project folder. Now we'll install an extra package because this Routing functionality, this feature of watching the URL and loading different content is not built into React. And whilst we could try to write our own logic, our own router, so to say, that would be rather complex because there are a lot of nuances and features you might wanna have to properly support these URL changes and different use cases. That's why we'll install an extra package with npm install here in the terminal and we'll install the react-router-dom package. Now this react-router-dom package belongs to the React Router tool. And you can visit reactrouter.com to learn all about this tool and this package. So this is the react-router-dom package in the end. And here you can learn about all its features and behaviors and its entire API, so all the functionalities exposed by this package. But of course, we're going to learn all these key features and also a lot of advanced features in this course here. But it's this package which we'll be using, and it's this package which allows us to listen to URL changes and then load different content. So with this package installed, we can now start adding Routing to our application. And this is actually a multi-step process. The first step, is that we must define the routes we wanna support, so we must define which URLs, which paths we wanna support, and which components should be loaded for different paths. That's the first step. The second step that is to activate our router and load the route definitions that we defined in the first step. And the third step of course, is to make sure that we have all these components that we do wanna load and that we maybe also provide some means of navigating between those pages so that our users can move smoothly between the different pages.