So these are the three steps. And I'll of course start with step one and I'll start with it here in my root component in the App js file. And here we want to import something from that react-router-dom package, which we just installed. And the something we wanna import here is the create browser router function. This is a function provided by this package which allows us to define our routes that we wanna support in this application. We call this function and to this function, we pass an array of route definition objects. So here we provide a couple of JavaScript objects where every object represents one route. And we add some properties to define the route characteristics like for example, the path for which this route should be activated. By the way, there also is an alternative way of defining these routes but for the moment let's start with this way. So here we define our route objects, and these route objects take a couple of properties with which we configure the routes. You should get decent auto completion here where you can see all these properties, and you can of course also learn more about them here in the official documentation. Now one key property, which you will almost always add, is the path property. With that, you define the path for which this route should be active. Now just to be clear, the path is the part after the domain. So if you have a website like example.com, then this is your domain name here and this is the protocol, this HTPs part. But then thereafter, you have a path like slash products. Or maybe slash nothing if you're just on example.com. But either way, this is your a path. Slash nothing is path, just as slash products is a path. So that's the path here, the part after the domain. And that is what we define here with the path property. So we could, for example, say that this is the route for our main page for the starting page of this website, and the path could therefore be slash nothing. So if we are on our domain slash nothing, then this route should be activated. Now the second important piece of information we typically want to add to our route objects is which component should be loaded when that route is active. That's what I also mentioned before. So therefore here we might want to add a new component and I'll add a folder named pages here to this project to hold the components that will be loaded as pages by the router. Now you don't have to name this folder pages. You can use the components folder you already know, you could name it routes or whatever you want. I just use separate pages folder with a name of pages to clearly indicate that the components stored in there, whilst being regular React components, will be loaded with help of Routing. So here we could then add a Home.js file that contains our homepage component which I of course want to export here. And then in here I could add a title where I say my homepage. So that's of course a very simple dummy component but it's good enough for the moment. Now let's say we wanna load this component, when this route is active. So if we're just on our domain.com/nothing. Well to establish this connection, we add another key property here and that's the element property. As the name adjusts with that property, we define the element. So in the end the JSX code that should be loaded when this path is active. So for the element, you now define some JSX code that should be rendered to the screen when this route is active. In my case, that's the homepage component. So I'm importing homepage from the pages folder and the home component file. And then here's the JSX code that should become active when this path is active. Now you could have any JSX code here. You could add an extra paragraph that wraps this page or do whatever you want. But very often you will simply render a single component that then represents the entire page that should be loaded. So these are now the first steps. We created the route object with its path, and we defined which component should be loaded when this route is active. Now, before we're going to continue with more routes and more components, let's stick to this single route here in this router and let's see how we can now use this router. And to use it, we first of all must store the returned value of the create browser router function, in a variable or constant. In this case, a constant called router. We need this constant to then tell React that this router should be rendered to the screen, so to say, or that that router should be loaded and should render the appropriate pages to the screen. And to tell React that this router should be used, we need to import another thing from react-router-dom and that's the router provider component. Now this component is a regular component which we can use like this in our JSX code, and we could of course again wrap it with other JSX code or add more JSX code to this app component. But in this case, I'm only returning router provider. And this router provider component has a special prop which we must set, the router prop. And the value we pass to the router prop should be a router created with create browser router in this case. So here I pass this router constant, to this router prop. And that's important, this router constant is this value which is passed as a value for this router prop. That's how this works. And now with that, we're rendering the router on the screen and we're activating the router, therefore, and the router will then, therefore, take a look at our url, see what the currently active path is, and load the appropriate element if that currently active path is supported. So therefore, that's all we have to do to now get started with Routing and we can now start our development server with NPM start. And if you now visit local host three thousand, you should see my homepage on the screen. And that of course is the content of this Homepage component, which makes sense because that is the page or that is the component to be precise, which we are loading if the path is slash nothing, and since I just visited local host three thousand, the path is slash nothing. Because local host three thousand is our domain, thereafter, we can think of an imaginary slash being there. We can actually also add a slash and hit enter and that will load that same component because this is our domain, slash nothing. And that's our first page being loaded with help of Routing. But of course the idea behind Routing is that we have more than one page.