So we now added our first two route definitions. There is of course way more we can and we should do when building a page that, or a website that supports routing. But before we do that, I wanna show you an alternative way of defining your routes here. You can define them like this with an array of route definition objects. And in my opinion, this is quite an intuitive approach. But especially if you worked with older versions of react-router-dom, it might also be a bit of a strange approach because in older versions you actually defined all your routes with help of components and JSX code instead of JavaScript Objects in array. And you can still do this in this version here in this latest version. You can import another function from react-router-dom, and that's the create routes from elements function. And you can create a new constant call route definitions, for example, and call create routes from elements and to dysfunction, you pass a bunch of JSX code. To be precise, you import a route component from react-router-dom, and then here you can add your route component like this to create routs from elements. With one wrapper route, you could then add your nested routes here where every route receives a path prop like slash nothing, and an element prop which could, for example, load the homepage JSX code. So of course you might see that this line is the same as this route definition down there. Just with JSX code and components. And we can do the same here for products, and the product page, like this. And with that, you are defining all your routes with help of JSX code instead of objects in an array. You can then take those route definitions created with create routes from elements and use that to create your browser router. So if I quickly comment this out, we could also create our router now by calling create browser router, but instead of passing this array of route definition objects to it, we pass the route definitions that were created with create routes from elements to this router. With that, if we save that, we still get our homepage and we can still visit slash products, but now we're using this different approach of defining our routes. Ultimately, it is up to you what you prefer. I'll switch back to this object-based solution, but you could also define your routes with JSX code instead, if you preferred that. I'll comment out all the parts related to it because as mentioned, I'll stick to this object based approach.