Now that we saw this alternative approach, let's dive back into more routing features that apply to both types of route definitions. And if we take a look at our basic example app here at the moment, we of course, might notice one big flaw. At the moment, we always have to manually edit the URL if we wanna navigate from the starting page to the products page and vice versa. And it's, of course, not very realistic that we want our users to use this website like this because how would users know which kind of paths are supported here? Of course, we typically wanna provide links on the page instead. And we can, of course, do that. We could, for example, go to the HomePage and there we could add some text below the title with a paragraph. And for example, say Go to and then add a link with the default anchor element and say the list of products. Something like this. And this default HTML anchor element takes a ref attribute, which could lead to /products. That's how we could add a link. If we do that, we'll see that the link appears here. And if we click it, we go to The Products Page. So that's working, right? Well, kind of. We have a problem with this approach. If you watch this refresh icon here, as I click on the link, you will see that it briefly flashes and turns to a cross and back to a refresh icon. The reason for that is that technically, we're sending a new request to the server that's serving this website. Now, that server will serve back that single HTML page that makes up this single page application but what happens under the hood is that we, of course, load all the JavaScript code again, load the entire React application again and restart the React application. That's a lot of unnecessary work under the hood that can also impact the site performance, which we typically wanna avoid because we already loaded all the JavaScript code. We don't wanna load it again and we don't wanna restart the React application. We would also lose any context or application-wide state if we do so. So we don't wanna switch the page by sending a new HTTP request to the server. With that, we lose all the benefits of single page applications after all. Instead, we wanna have a link like this but under the hood, it should just change the URL and set it to the URL we're trying to navigate to but it should then prevent the default of sending a request and instead let React Router know about the new URL and ensure that React Router loads the appropriate element for that new URL. And that can be implemented with another special component that can be imported from react-router-dom. And here I'm importing it in this Home.js file because that's where I wanna add this link. The new component we wanna import from react-router-dom is called Link. And as the name suggests, we can use it to construct a link. We use it instead of the default anchor element. And it doesn't have a ref attribute. Instead, we use the to attribute. But there we then still specify the path we wanna go to. Now, what the link component does under the hood is it does render an anchor element but it basically listens for clicks on that element, prevents the browser default of sending a HTTP request if the link is clicked, and instead simply takes a look at the route definitions to update the page accordingly and load the appropriate content. It will also change the URL but without sending a new HTTP request. So if we create this link here, we still see the link here on this page, but if I now click it, and you watch this refresh icon, you see that it doesn't flash and we don't send a new HTTP request. Instead, here, we can now use this link, which is provided by react-router-dom and that is how we should navigate between pages with react-router-dom.