So now, we added this link here. Now, of course, this site is still pretty basic and it will stay relatively basic, but there are some extra features we might want to add to it, nonetheless. Now, for example, we might want to add a navigation bar at the top, which actually lets us navigate between the homepage and the products page. That would be something you find on most websites, after all. We also might wanna apply some default styling and, for example, make sure that the content doesn't sit right on the edges here. Now for that, we could add a new component, which I'll add in a components folder because I won't load it as a page. Instead, I want to include it in other components. And I'll name it main navigation. So here, we can add a main navigation component function and, of course, also export it. And then here, we could return a header, which contains a nav element, which contains an unordered list, where in every list item we have a link. And for that, we, of course, want to import link from react-router-dom, like this. And then here, we could have a home link and another list item with the products link. And of course, we wanna set the appropriate paths here, as well, and go to slash nothing and slash products. This could be our main navigation. Now, this main navigation should, now, be visible on all our pages. So therefore, of course, one thing we can do, is we can go to home JS and import the main navigation there and then add it here. And do the same in the products JS file. But of course, the more pages we're going to add the more we must repeat that step. And whilst it would be possible to do that, it would also be a bit annoying. What we might wanna do instead, is add some layout that wraps all these routes, and that simply, kind of, loads these route components inside of this wrapping layout component. Now, you could try to render the navigation above this router provider component, for example, or wrap this router provider component with another component, but this would not work if you plan to add links to your layout, because those links only work if they're rendered inside of the router provider, so to say, not above or next to it or as a wrapper of it. What you wanna do instead, and which can be quite difficult to understand at first, but which is how you approach this problem with react-router-dom, is you add an extra route to your route definitions and you use a path of slash nothing. And then here, you add an element that actually loads the layout wrapper that should be wrapped around the other routes. And we'll do the wrapping part in a second step. For a first step, I'll add our root dot JS file here in pages and name this root layout, for example, and export this here. And then, in here we'll soon add some JSX content. For the moment, we'll just say layout, like this. Now, this root layout component will be loaded as the element for this route here. And for that, of course, root layout is imported here in the app JS file. Now, to actually wrap these two routes and their components with this layout, we must add another property to this special route here. If you wanna call it like that. The children property. That takes an array, and it is actually an array of more route definitions and we can move these two route definitions into this array. With that, we make these two route definitions, here, child route definitions of this route. So, this route acts as a parent route to these routes and it acts as a wrapper to these routes. In this parent route element, so in this root layout here, we also have to define where these child route components and elements, so the homepage and the products page, should be rendered. We do that by going to this root layout and importing another special thing, another special component from react-router-dom. And that's the outlet component. This component marks the place where the child route elements should be rendered to. And here we could, for example, add a fragment, like this. And then here, add this H1 tag where we say root layout. And below that, we have the outlet. So, this is now the marker, the place, where the child routes should be rendered to. So in our case, that would be the homepage and the products page components, in the end. With that, if we save that, we see root layout, and below that, my homepage. And if I go to products, we see root layout and the products page. So now, we are rendering this parent element and then the appropriate child elements. The advantage of this approach is that this root layout now, indeed, does act as a wrapper for these page components. So therefore, here, instead of displaying this dummy root layout text, we can include the main navigation component, by importing it from our components folder and rendering it above the outlet. If we do that, we see the navigation, here, above our pages and now we got this navigation on all the pages and all the pages we might add here to this children array, in the future. And having such a root route, that acts as a layout, is totally standard and totally normal when using React router. You implement layouts like this by adding wrapping routes like this. And, of course, for more complex pages, you could have multiple root routes, for example, one for slash admin, which then has a totally different set of children, which might have a different layout that's wrapped around them. So, that's the advantage of this approach. You can have path dependent layout wrappers, just as we're doing it here. Now, with that root layout added, we can also add some styling, and add a root dot module dot CSS file, for example, where we might want to style the content class and add a margin of two REM, top and bottom, and some auto spacing left and right, and maybe also add text align center. We can always change this later, but that's something we might want to add here. And then in root JS, we can import our CSS classes from this root dot module dot CSS file and then wrap our outlet, here, with the default main element and add this class of content, which you just added to this element. And for main navigation, I actually created a styling file which you find attached to this lecture. The main navigation dot module dot CSS file. And we can, then, import classes from that file from main navigation dot module CSS. And then, add a special class to the header element, the header class. And add a special class to the unordered list, the list class. And with that, we got this navigation here and we got a little bit of a nicer styling going on, on this page. But that's how we can add layouts and how we can utilize them, for example, to provide some general styling and add such a main navigation bar.