Now, you might remember that earlier, when we visited a route like our domain slash abc, we got this error page here, this default error message, which is actually generated by the react-router-dom package. Now of course, it's not unlikely, that over time visitors might accidentally, or, due to erroneous links provided by us, visit pages that they shouldn't visit, that simply don't exist. And therefore, you might want to prepare a default error page that's shown in situations like this. To do that we could add a new page here called error page, like that, and in here we could return our error page content. We could, for example, include the main navigation here if you want to, and then below that have our main content where we say an error occurred, could not find this page. That's something we could do. Now to ensure that we also have the appropriate styling for this main element, we could grab this definition from the root.module file, and actually copy that into index css, add it down there, and apply that to all main elements we find, and remove the root module css file, remove this import and remove this class name, so that we now have the same styling, not just for our default layout, which is used if things go right, but also on this error page, which is used when things go wrong. But how do we ensure, that this page is used when things go wrong? Well, actually the react-router-dom package tells us here, we can add the special error element property, to our route definitions, to define which page should be loaded if an error is created. For that, we can go to our route definitions and we could, for example, go to the products route here and add the error element prop, to define the element, that should be loaded when this page throughs an error. Now we'll see situations where this page could throw an error later in this section, but at the moment, this page actually can't throw an error, but there's root path could throw an error, because actually when we enter a URL that doesn't exist, the react-router-dom package will generate an error, and that error will automatically bubble up to our root route definition. So to the route that is defined for path slash nothing. Therefore, here on this special slash nothing route, we can add the error element property as well. And then say that for this page, for this route, we wanna render the error page as a fallback page, if an error occurs, and as I just mentioned an error will occur, because an error will be generated automatically by the react-router-dom package if we try to visit a page that doesn't exist. So therefore, with the error page being imported and being defined as an element here, if we save this, you see that now if I visit slash abc, or any other unsupported route, we get this error page. And that of course is a nicer user experience than showing this default error message that's generated by the package. And that's there for how we can also support situations like this, where users accidentally, or for whatever reason, visit URL's that don't exist and aren't supported.