We got an Error page, we got our navigation. We got the links. At the moment you might notice that we got no real feedback when we're hovering over these links. And you might also of course see that we can't tell which link is currently active when we're on a page. Of course we can take a look at the URL, and of course the page content might help us understand which page this is but it's also quite common that the currently active link that led to the page that's active is highlighted somehow. And at the moment that's missing. Of course it's such a common behavior that it's quite easy to support with react-router-dom. For highlighting the active link, we can start by going to our MainNavigation.module CSS file, and actually add maybe a hover style for the anchor tag but also support an active class on the anchor element. And we're targeting the anchor here instead of link, because as mentioned before, this link component provided by react-router-dom does render a regular anchor element. So here we might wanna define some styles that should be active when we're hovering over a link or if a link has these special active class. Which, at the moment it will never have but which will add conditionally based on whether a link is active or not soon. So here, to indicate if a link is active, we could for example change its color. And I got a couple of CSS variables here for different colors we can use. We could, for example, try this one here. The primary 800 color with this CSS code. And if we add this code, you see that as I hover over link, It's highlighted slightly. To make it a bit clearer to see that this link is active, we could also add text decoration underline. And now in addition to changing the color, we add this underline effect. And I'll do this here for this video recording since that should make it a bit easier to tell which link is active. Now at the moment it's just a hover effect. If we click on a link, it still doesn't stay active thereafter. But that's exactly what we'll add as a next step. To support links that should show us whether they led to the currently active page or not, react-router-dom has an alternative to the link component, the NavLink component. Now NavLink is used just like link. You can use it as a replacement for link but NavLink has one special behavior. If you add the class name prop to it, it's actually not the regular class name prop, which takes a string, but instead it's a prop that takes a function. And that function should return the class name, the CSS class name that should be added to the anchor tag. Now that function also automatically receives an object from which we can de-structure the isActive property. And this object with the isActive property is provided by a react-router-dom and is active as a Boolean, that's true if this link is currently active. So if it led to the currently active route or it's false if it did not lead to the currently active route. So therefore here we can use is active to conditionally return CSS class a if this link is active and b, otherwise, or in our case, we wanna add the active class from our imported CSS classes up here if the link is active and otherwise return undefined. So no class if it's not active. And we'll do that for the other NavLink as well. Add the same class name prop, which takes disfunction which gets the isActive property on the object that's passed to the function automatically by react-router-dom. And with that you can tell that if I click on Home, Home is active. And if I click on Products, Products is active. And Home is also still active. No white stat. That's the case because by default NavLink actually checks whether the path of the currently active route starts with the path of one of those NavLinks. And that NavLink is considered to be active if the currently active route starts with the path set on the link. That behavior exists so that a link could be treated as active even if you're on some nested child route. That's nice to have but not what we want here for the slash route since every route starts with slash in the end. So this would always be active for all routes. And that's why react-router-dom also gives us another prop we can set here and that's the end prop which we can set to true or false but we can also just add it like this to set it to true. This indicates that this link should only be considered active if the currently active route ends with this path after the URL. So now this link will only be considered active if we are on our domain slash nothing and not if we're on slash products. We don't have to add end to this other link because we have no other routes that would start with slash products. So there for now with that you see that Home is now not active if we're on Products, but we do see if we're on the Home page. And that is some extra feature which we might wanna add and which is quite straightforward to add with react-router-dom. Of course, it's totally up to you which act of styling you want. By the way, if you prefer inline styles, you can also use that. You get the same function with isActive for inline styles. So here you could then also return some conditional inline style that depends on whether this route or this link is currently active or not. So that's also something you could do. I'm not going to do it here but I wanted to mention it that for style this function form is also supported when using NavLink.