Okay. We're making good progress and we're almost ready to dive into more advanced features, but before we do that, there are still some other basic features you should be aware of. For example, imperative routing. Right now, we allow users to navigate between our pages by providing links which can be clicked, and I will say right away that this is the default way of providing navigation to users, but it's not the only way. In some situations, for example, maybe because some forum was submitted, or because some timer expired, you might want to trigger a navigation action from inside Code, and you can do this by using another special feature provided by react-router-dom. You can import the useNavigate hook and call that in your functional components to get access to a navigate function, like this, and this navigate function can be called to trigger a navigation action. So, to switch to a different route from inside your code. So, programmatically. For example, here I could add my navigateHandler function, and connect that to a button, and this, by the way, is something I'm only doing for this example here. Of course, you should not create buttons and then navigate programmatically. Simply use a link instead, but a button is a great way for me to show you how this generally works here. So, here I'll add a button where, upon a click, I want to trigger the navigateHandler. Again, not something you wanna do but good enough for this demo here, and then in here we can call the navigate function, and then for example, navigate to /products or any other path. If we add this code, we get this button, and if I click this button, we navigate. This time programmatically, even though it's upon a button click, but the button click only triggered a function, and inside that function, we then had the actual code, the programmatic imperative navigation code for moving to a different page. Again, you should use a link instead of this approach but this is how you would navigate programmatically, if you would need to do so, for example, because some timer expired or anything like that. It is something which I also wanted to mention here for completeness sake, even though we don't need it on this page, but you might need it in other applications, and now you know how you can navigate programmatically.