Now to conclude the basics of routing, there is one last yet extremely important comment and crucial feature supported by React Router DOM, which you will need in almost all applications you're going to build. And for that, let's go back to the products page. It's just a dummy page and it will stay a dummy page. But, there is one thing which we could add here, which you might want to have in reality. Besides just saying something like "The Product Page", it would be quite common to have a list of products on this page. So here we could have a list where we have product one, and product two, and product three. And we could, of course, have an infinite amount of products here. This is just an example afterall. Now, it would be quite common to load a separate details page for the different products. And, of course, that is what you have essentially on any online shop. You have a list of products, you can click on a product to view the details of that product. Now, in order to do so, what you would typically have is a separate page, maybe called "Product Detail'. So the product detail page like this, which we also export. And then here we might want to show the product specific data. Now I'll get back to the product specific part in a couple of minutes. For the moment, I'll just output a title where I say "Product Details". So we wanna load this page here for our different products. Of course, that should be easy enough to do, right? We add a new route and then we add some links. But what's now the path for this route? Of course, it could be /productdetail. But, keep in mind that we typically have different products here with different details. So whilst we always wanna load the same component, the data that will be displayed in there will be different for the different products. And it would make sense to support paths like products/P1. So the idea of product1 maybe or product-1 like this. And product-2. So, we might have different paths for these different products. Now we always wanna load the same page. We always wanna load the product detail page. Hence I'm importing that page here, the "Product Detail" page. And I'm defining it as an element. But, we wanna load it for different paths. Now of course we could add multiple paths like this. Now we have three route definitions with slightly different paths. But that of course is not a realistic approach because the more products we have, the more paths must be added. And typically we don't even know in advance how many products we'll have. And we also will add more products dynamically. After all, most websites are pretty dynamic and users and administrators might be able to add new products. We don't want to add it to code all the time. Just because a new product was added. So hard coding those different product Ids in the paths like this, is clearly not an option. And that's why React Router DOM supports dynamic path segments or path parameters as it's also called. You add a parameter to a path. So such dynamic path segment. By adding a colon and then any identifier of your choice like Id or product Id. Again, this is totally up to you. The colon is very important though. This signals to React Router DOM that this part of the path is dynamic. So that you so actually don't want to load this element for /products:/productId. But instead /products/ any value that will be used as an actual value for this product Id placeholder. You could thereafter have more hard coded segments if you needed to, but this segment here is dynamic if you write it like this. Now to show you how this works. Let's save that and now let's simply manually enter /product/P1. And you see we load the product details page /product-2 And we stay on this page. Or /abc So /products/abc that is. So now we load the same component for all these paths because the part after /products is dynamic and we can plug in any value of our choice for this placeholder. Now this placeholder here becomes important once we wanna start loading different data for the different products in our case though. So we added this dynamic route here or this route with a dynamic path. Now let's say, that on "Product Detail" page we of course wanna know for which exact product this page was loaded. We wanna know which product Id was used so that we could, for example, reach out to backend API and a database to fetch the data for that specific product and display it on the screen. And of course, that's also a common scenario. And therefore React Router DOM gives us another tool for getting hold of the actual value used instead of that placeholder. Instead of :product id. And that tool which we get from React Router DOM is to useParans hook. This hook gives us a parans object, if we call it like this. And this parans object is a simple JavaScript object which contains every dynamic path segment we defined in our route definition as a property. So in my case here, I got a property called productId on this parans object because in my route definition I chose productId as an identifier for this placeholder, for this path parameter, for this dynamic path segment. So the part after the colon that is the identifier, which you can use as a property name on that parans object here. And therefore we can, of course, output that Id here below the title maybe. We can output parans.productId Of course, if you chose a different identifier after the colon in your route definition. If you chose just Id for example you have to use that identifier here, like this. But here I'll stick to product Id. Also here in the route definition. And with that you will see that now I see ABC here if I'm on /product/abc If I visit /products/product-1 I see product-1 here. So that's how we can get hold of that data that's encoded in the url. And typically you encode things like Ids of items or products in the URL because then here in product detail, we could reach out to a backend and fetch the data for this product. But that's something we'll do later, when we will dive deeper into the data fetching capabilities of React Router DOM.