Now to conclude this introduction to Dynamic Path segments, there is one last thing I want to do here. I want to add some real links here to my products page. For that, we can of course again, use the link component from 'react-router-dom'. And here I'm using link instead of nav link because I don't wanna highlight those links as being active once they're clicked because we're actually leaving this page when clicking one of these links here anyways. So the offer here, I'll use the regular link and wrap that around my products. So product one. And of course also product two. And the same for product three. Like this. And then we add the two prop with the paths we want navigate to. And here we want to go to slash products, slash product one, for example. Here, we want to go to slash products, slash product two. And so on. Now in reality you would probably fetch the product data from some backend, from some database. And therefore you might have your products as an array, which you're getting from your backend. Here, I'm hard coding it in this dummy products constant, but this could be data coming from a backend. The data you might be getting might be an array full of JavaScript objects, where every object has an ID and a title. Like, product one. So here I might have free products, which are fetched from a backend, which have different IDs and different titles. That's how we might be getting our data. And therefore, in reality, instead of hard coding our list items like this, we might be creating that list dynamically as you learned it early in the course. By mapping through all these products. And then here we're rendering a list item for every product in this array. We add the key, as we should always do, when creating lists like this. And in the list item, we then output our link. Where between the link text, we output the product title. And now the link should be constructed dynamically. The value for the two prop, I mean. And to do that, we could add a dynamic value, where we construct a string dynamically by using back ticks. So that we build such a JavaScript template literal, which makes it easier to dynamically inject dynamic values into this string. And then we start with slash products, but thereafter, after this second slash. We inject a dynamic value into this string. And the dynamic value here could be 'prod.id'. So now we're generating multiple list items with different links, which have different paths. Now, with that, if we save that. And we go to slash products, we got this list here. But if we click those different links, were taken to the product details page with the different product IDs. Which can also be found here in the URL. So, that's how this is connected. Of course, this works for all the products here. So that's how we can generate and build links for routes that have dynamic path parameters.