Now to conclude this basics part about React Routing, I wanna talk about paths again, which might sound boring but which is important to understand and get right. When defining our routes, we define the paths for which they should be active. We got this root wrapper route, here, and then we got a couple of child routes inside of that route. Now actually, all the paths I'm defining here are absolute paths because they all start with a slash. This simply means that they're always seen from after the domain name. Now, this is an important detail. If I would, for example, changed this wrapper path to /root, you will notice that if I reload, for /products, I don't see anything, but neither do I for /root/products. If I type in just /root, I also don't see anything on the screen. And the reason for that is that if I open my developer tools, I got an error that I got the absolute route path slash nested under path /root. So the problem I'm having here is that, as mentioned, we have absolute paths here because they're starting with a slash, that's how you can tell that these are absolute paths. If a path starts with a slash, it is an absolute path. And we now have clashing route definitions. We're saying that the parent route, here, should handle all pages that start with /root, but then the child pages actually don't start with /root. Now of course, here it doesn't make sense to start with /root, but it's important to understand the problem here, and the difference between absolute paths, as we have them here, and relative paths because that's the alternative. We can remove those leading slashes here on the child routes and that turns these route definition paths to relative paths. So now we got three relative paths here instead of absolute paths. Now, when defining routes like this, this simply means that these paths defined here are appended after the path of the wrapper route. So if we have a child route with a relative path, then React Router will take a look at the path of the parent route and append the child route path after the parent route path. So if you make those changes, this error goes away and for just /root we see the starting page and for /root/products we see the products page. Of course, for just /products, we don't see anything. Instead we get the default error message, again. We also don't see the content of our error page because now we got this error for some page that we tried to find after slash nothing, but this error element is added to the /root path, therefore it's not activated here. Now, of course, here, I don't want to have /root as a starting path, I want to have slash nothing instead but we can still stick to relative paths for these child routes because we wanna append these paths after the path of the wrapper parent route here. But that is not all you should know about paths. Instead, paths also play an important role if we think about links, like here in the main navigation or in the products.js file where we also have links. Here, we are also defining paths and the same rules as before apply. If a path starts with a slash, with a leading forward slash, then it is an absolute path. So clicking that link will always visit /products. Again, you can see the problem if I do switch back to /root, here, for my root route temporarily, in my route definitions, and I then go to /root/products, this works but if I click one of these links here, we get an error because those links leads to /products/p1. Why? Because in the products.js file, that is the path we defined here and since it starts with a forward slash, it's an absolute path so it's added directly after the domain name not after the currently active path. But we could switch to the latter behavior and instead create relative paths here on those links. We could, for example, do that in the home.js file by instead of linking to /products to change this to just products without the slash at the beginning. With that, this is now a relative path and this link has a relative path now, which means that, by default, it will add this path after the currently active routes path. So if we go back to just /root and I click the list of products, which is that link I just edited, you see it'll lead me to /root/products. And, previously, it would've failed, as you can see here in the main navigation where we have absolute paths to routes that we no longer support. And in products.js, we can also switch to a relative path by simply removing that /products/ part. Now we just add the product ID after the currently actives route path, and that, of course, means we can also get rid of this entire template literal part here and just change the path to that. And with that, it's added after the currently active path and therefore these links work again. So it's really important to understand these differences between relative and absolute paths. And when using the link component, you also have a special relative prop which you can add here. And this can be set to one of two values, at the moment, to path or route. With that you control whether this segment here is added relative to the currently actives route path or to the currently active path in the URL. And that might sometimes be the same but sometimes it's also not. To show you the difference, let me go back to my route definitions here. And there, please note that this route definition, which is responsible for the product details, is a direct child of this root route, not of this products route, but of this root route. It's a sibling to the products route. These two route definitions are siblings. We could have built it differently, but here they are siblings. So for both the products and the products/ some ID route the parent route is this route with /root. Now if on the productdetail.js file we add another paragraph with a link, and therefore I'm importing link from react-router-dom, where I say back, we could implement this behavior by adding the to prop and adding two dots. This is a special identifier, which you might know from moving around in your system terminal, which simply means go up one level. Please go back to the previously active path and route. Now with that added here, I'll go back to products.js and remove relative here because I can show the behavior of this relative prop very well with this link now. We added this to the product detail page Here, if I now go to a product and I click back, you will notice that I go back to the homepage by default. Now this might not make a lot of sense because we came from the products page when we clicked on one of these products. Yet if I click back here, we go back to the homepage. And you'll also see that in the URL, the URL when I visit a product is /root/products/ the ID of that product. But if I click back, it's just /root. So /products/productID was removed from the URL path. That happens because we're going back and by default, this relative path, which this is as well, despite looking strange but it is a relative path, this relative path is resolved relative to the route definitions. So here, for example, as I mentioned, this product detail page route definition is a child of the root route and a sibling to /products. So when we go up one level, if we go back to the previous route path, it means that we go back to the parent's route path, not to this sibling here. So we don't just remove one segment from the path but instead we go back to the parent route path, which means we remove two segments, in this case /products and /productID. Now if we want to change this behavior, we can do so with the relative prop. We can set this to path, the default would be route, so it's relative to the route definitions which behaves as I just explained it. But if we set this to path, React Router will instead take a look at the currently active path and simply remove one segment from that path. So now if I click on back here, on that product detail page, you see we go back to the products page because now just the ID of that product was removed from the currently active path. And that's another important feature you should keep in mind when working with paths and links, and relative versus absolute paths. The relative prop does not matter if you have an absolute path here, then it's always that absolute path that's added after the domain. But if you have a relative path, like this special two dot path which simply goes back, then this relative prop can be used to control the behavior of React Router. And even without that, it is important to be aware that there is a difference between a relative and absolute paths and to keep that difference in mind. With that, I'll change my parent route path here, back to just slash instead of /root. And with that, it, of course, also all still works as before. But now you learned about the difference of relative and absolute paths, and how it matters and why it matters.