At this point, you already learned a lot about routing, and we had a thorough look at all the key routing features you must know. Now, over the next lectures, we're going to dive deeper into routing and explore more advanced routing features, especially related to data fetching and submission. But before we do so, it's time to practice what you learned. Now for that, you find the never project attached, and this project actually includes two project folders: a backend-api and a react-frontend folder. You also got a file with some instructions. But in the end, this backend-api folder simply includes a dummy backend application that does not contain any React code that will be used throughout this course section so that we have a dummy backend to work with. We could also use some public service, like Firebase or some public dummy API, but here I built this custom dummy API which we'll use. But you won't have to write any code in this backend-API folder. This is provided for you. It's not related to React. And you can, of course, explore that code, but you don't have to understand it. It's NoteExpress code not related to React. But we will be able to send requests to that backend-api from inside our React app. Now, very important, in the react-frontend folder, you then find the React app on which we'll work throughout this course section. You will see that there I already added some components, which we'll use throughout this section, in which you, of course, can explore. In the end, these are all relatively straightforward components with some default styling provided. And for the rest of this section, as mentioned, we're going to dive deeper into routing with React. Now, one important note right away, you will need to start this backend server and this frontend server independent from each other. So you will need to open your terminal and navigate into the backend-api folder, initially run npm install there. And then run npm start to start that backend server and keep that process running as long as you are working on this overall project. You can, of course, then quit it thereafter with Control + C, but you should always restart that backend server in the backend-api folder whenever you wanna go back to working on that react-frontend, because that frontend later must be able to talk to that backend. And for that, the backend server must be up and running. And in a separate terminal window, you also must install all the dependencies for the react-frontend application initially. And you, of course, also must start the react-frontend dev server in order to work on this React application. So both servers, backend and frontend, should be up and running for this course section. And with that, that's the project setup. Now, let's dive into these projects.