We are now ready to dive deeper into Routing and explore more advanced features of React router. And one of the most important feature sets offered by React router is related to data fetching and submission and that's there for what we'll explore next. For that attached, you find a new file Events.js which you should use to replace your Events.js file in the pages folder with it. And once you replaced your Events.js file with the provided one and you then explore this Eventsjs file, you will see that in that file there is some code that sends an http request to that dummy backend api, which I'm providing to you. And you should make sure that that backend API server is up and running in a separate terminal window as shown a couple of lectures ago. And then that response is evaluated. An error is stored with help of state if it's a invalid response, for example because we got an error back from the backend. If we don't have an error, we instead extract the data from the response and store that with help of state as well. And we're all managing the loading state. And then all these states are used down here to either show a loading text, an error message or to render the fetched events which are now fetched from the dummy backend some dummy event data from the backend. Those events are rendered here with help of that events list component which exists to this components folder already. So, which was part of that starting project I provided earlier and this code should look familiar to you. Fraud discourse, you already learned how you can send http requests to a backend and how you can leverage useEffect to fetch data from a backend. So this should be familiar code here. Now, there is nothing wrong with debt code, but of course it is worth noting that it's quite some boiler plate code, which you have to repeat every time you are sending a request to a backend. Though you could kind of mitigate that by creating a custom hook and you could outsource that logic into a custom hook. But nonetheless, it's quite some code that must be written to handle these different http request states and to fetch that data. And in addition, what's all the worth noting is that of course this request will only be sent once we reached this page. So once we navigate it to this page, this is by the way how it looks like, this is the data fetched from this dummy backend. So we only start sending that request as soon as we reach the events page. We don't start sending the request any earlier instead only once we reach this page. And that of course means that this entire events page component must be rendered before this request is sent. That's not necessarily a problem. And here it is a pretty straightforward, simple component. But of course, in more complex applications this component could be rather complex and it could also have a bunch of nested child components and having to render and evaluate all these components before we actually start sending that request for that data which we absolutely need, is suboptimal. You could argue that it would be much nicer if React router would initiate the data fetching as soon as we start navigating to this page. So as soon as we start rendering this component, so to say or even before we render the component and we then render the component with the fetched data instead of first rendering the component without the fetched data with the loading state fallback instead and then fetching data after it has been rendered as it's currently happening. It could be preferable to do it the other way around and first fetched the data and then render this component. And that's exactly what React router allows us to do. And where React router helps us. With React router at least if you're using version six or higher you don't have to write all that code for fetching data and for handling these different states. Instead, React router helps you with all of that. And it helps you with all of that by giving you an extra property which you can add to your route definitions. Now we're currently talking about this events page. That's this page where we're fetching data, and in our route definitions we can add an extra property to that route definition of that page. We can add the extra loader property. Now, loader is a property that wants a function as a value, a regular function or an error function that does not matter. And this function will be executed by a React router whenever you are about to visit this route. So just before this route gets rendered, just before this JSX code gets rendered, this loader function will be triggered and executed by a React router. And it's in this loader function where you can therefore load and fetch your data. So we can go back to events JS and grab this code where we fetch the data and where we evaluate the response and cut that and instead move it into this loader function. Now, we will need to tweak this a little bit to make the code work though. For example, we should add the async keyword here so that we can use the await keyword. Alternatively, we could of course add the then method here since Thatcher returns a promise but async a weight is a bit easier to read. We also don't need to set any state values here, so we get rid of all of that. Instead here, we'll deal with that incorrect response case later and we'll focus on the scenario that we do have a valid response. In that case, we got the response data in this loader function. And of course, we wanna get that data to that events page component because that's where we need the data. Well, the great thing is that when you define such a loader function, React router will automatically take any value you return in that function, for example, the response data and will make that data available in that page that's being rendered here as well as any other components where you need it. And I will show you how to get access to that data in a couple of seconds. So we return rest data here. To be precise, I wanna return resData.events because my response data object is actually an object that will have an events property which holds the actual array of events. That's simply how the back and API returns the response for this request. So we must access .events here to get that array of dummy events from the backend. And with that, this data is made available to the events page and any other components that need the data. So how can we now access that data then?