So how do we now get access to that data returned by our loader? Well, for that we have to go to the component where we want to use it. Like for example, the events page component. There, as a first step, I can get rid of all that remaining code, which we had in there before, all that state management, and useEffect, and get rid of this div here, which shows my loading and error estates. We will see how we can implement those states again in the near future, but for the moment, we can get rid of that. Of course, we also get rid of these checks here therefore and just return events list like that, and we can get rid of these imports. And now to get access to the data returned by the loader function for this page, we can import "use loader data" from React-router-dom. This is a special hook which we can execute to get access to the closest loader data, and I will show you what "closest loader data" means in just a second. So here, I now get my data by calling "use loader data." We could also name it "events" since we know that it will be a list of events in case of this component here, due to the code we wrote in this loader. And events here will really be that data returned by that loader. Now since I'm using a single weight, technically this loader function will return a promise. Any data returned in that function will be wrapped by a promise, that's how a single weight works. But React Router will actually check if a promise is returned and automatically get the resolved data from that promise for you. So you don't need to worry about whether you are returning a promise here or not, you will always get the final data that would be yielded by the promise with help of use loader data. And therefore now it's this events object, this array of events, which we can pass as a value to this events prop on events list. If we save that all, you will see that we got the same result as before, we got this list of events, in this case only one event, but if we had multiple events returned by the backend, we would see multiple events here. And we got this all due to the code we wrote in this loader. And of course that's much less code than what we had before, and it's also not part of the component function, which makes the component function way leaner and easier to reason about. Of course, we're also not managing any loading or error estate yet, but nonetheless we got a way leaner events page component and that's definitely a decent improvement over what we had before.