Okay, so we got started with those loaders. Before diving deeper, I wanna clarify when exactly that loader is executed. And I actually already mentioned it before. The loader for a page will be called right when we start navigating to that page. So not after the page component has been rendered, but before we actually go there. And you can see that that's the case if you go to the backend API, and there to routes, events.js, and here this very first route, that's the code, the backend code, that's responsible for returning data to the front end. We don't fully need to understand it, but what we can do here, between this 'const events' line and the 'res.json' line, is that we add a timeout. And here we could set a timeout of let's say one and a half seconds and move that 'res.json' code into the timeout callback function. Now this will simply ensure that the response is only sent back from the backend to the frontend after one and a half seconds. And I'm introducing this delay here to show you how this is reflected on the frontend. If we now go to the terminal where we started the backend server, and we quit that server and restart it, since we changed our backend code, I can go back go to the homepage and click on 'events'. And you will see that at first nothing happens, and only after one and a half seconds we go there. So here I click, and now we wait. And now we go there. Because the data fetching is initiated as soon as we initiate the route transition. But by default, React router will actually wait for the data to be fetched, so for the loader to be finished before it then renders the page with the fetched data. The advantage of this approach is that you can rely on the data being there once the events page component is being rendered. You don't need to worry about whether the data is there yet or not and therefore you don't need to render a loading state on this event's page component. The downside, of course, is that we have this delay where it looks to the user as if nothing is happening. And we'll see how we can improve this user experience in a couple of seconds, and actually also later, again, towards the end of the section because React Router gives us various tools for improving that user experience. But, that's how data fetching generally works. Now let's take a look at the first option React Router gives us for giving the users some feedback that something's happening here.