So, how could we give the user some feedback that something's going on here after clicking on Events? Well, React Router gives us a special hook, which we can use to check the current route transitions state. So, to find out if a transition has been initiated and we're currently still waiting for data to arrive, or if we're done. Now, we could go to the Root Layout component and there we can use the use Navigation hook; which is a hook provided by React Router that lets us find out whether we're currently in an active transition, if we're loading data, or if we have no active transition going on. We get a Navigation object when we call use Navigation and that Navigation object has a couple of properties; but for us, the state property is the most important one. This is simply a string which is either idle, loading, or submitting; depending on whether we don't have any active route transition, if we're having an active transition and we're loading data, or if we're submitting data; which is something we'll take a look at later. With that, we could add a Loading text here, in our main section, for example, which is only shown if navigation dot state is equal to loading, like this. With that added, if we go to Home and back to Events, you see that Loading text here which signals to the user that we are loading data. So, which gives the user some feedback that something is happening. And this happens every time we go to this All Events page. Now, of course, the styling is not perfect here. It might be nicer to add a little loading bar at the top, or anything like this, but that is how it, theoretically, works. Now, I'm going to get rid of it here because we'll actually learn about a different solution later in this section, but this is one way of finding out whether you are currently waiting for data or not, and how you could bring back such a loading indicator. It's just important to recognize that the loading indicator won't be added on the page which you're transitioning to, but instead on some page, or a component, which is already visible on the screen when the transition is started. That's different compared to what we had before with use Effect and a separate loading state. Now with all that done, though, I will go back and remove this Timeout here on the back end and move back to the code we had originally on that back end, because I, now, no longer wanna simulate this. Therefore, I also restart the back end server and we can now dive back into the front end code.