Now let's move on to error handling because of course fetching the data could go wrong. And previously when using this user fact based solution we handled errors manually. Now we're not handling errors anymore. So how can we handle them? Well, for example here when we see that the response is not okay, if it has a 400 ish or 500 ish status code, what we can do in that case is we can return a different response, for example, or just return an object. Doesn't have to be a response, as you learned. Where we could add is error key and a message like 'could not fetch events'. So now we return this data package instead of the response returned by our API request here. In our component code we could now simply check if data.isError. So if this error property which we set here exists and is truth, and if that's the case, we could return a paragraph where we output data dot message. So where we output that data message. With that we still have a pretty lean component. We only added this code here and we have the error generation and handling code in our loader where it belongs, arguably. If I now deliberately break this code by sending the request to a path that doesn't exist on the back end, you will see that I get this error message here. Again, styling is a bit off, but we could of course change this. So that's one way of handling errors, simply returning data that indicates that we have an error and then using that data appropriately in the component. Now I'll comment this out though because that's not how I'll do it here, because there is an alternative. As an alternative to returning this data here to the component, we could throw an error. For this we can construct a new error object with the built in error constructor, or we throw any other kind of object as an error. And here we could then also, for example, include a message and say, 'could not fetch events'. Like that. Now, when an error gets thrown in a loader something special happens. React router will simply render the closest error element. And you might remember we covered error elements earlier in this section when we added an error element to the Root Route to have a fallback page that would be displayed in case of 4 0 4 errors. So if we navigated to paths that aren't supported. Well, turns out that error element is not just there to show a fallback page in case of invalid route paths. That is one use case but not the only one. Instead, the error element will be shown to the screen whenever an error is generated in any route related code, including loaders. So therefore what we can do is we can add an error page again here with pages and create our error page component in there and export this. And then here we can of course output a message like 'an error occurred' for a start. Now we can go back to App.js and add error element here on this Root route and render our error page like that. For that of course, error page must be imported. Then it's added here with error element on that Root path. With that, this page, this error page, will be displayed whenever we basically have any kind of error anywhere in our routes because even though I'm throwing an error here in the loader of the events page. So in this route here, which is a deeply nested route, errors will bubble up. We could add error element to this route as well. And in that case, this error element would be rendered if this loader threw an error. But we can also just have this Root level error element and the error would bubble up until it reaches that route. So with that, if we save this, you see that we get an error occurred once we visit slash events and we get the same page if we try to visit an invalid route, by the way. Of course the other routes still work but trying to visit events gives us this error.