Okay, let's proceed with this demo website here. We got our list of events. Now if we click on an event, we might wanna load the data for that event, and we wanna make sure that we go to a valid page to begin with. Now, we wanna navigate to this event detail page. For that, I'll start by going to events list, and there we first of all wanna convert this anchor element to a link, and import link from react-router-dom, of course, and also convert the closing tack to a link. And then here, we wanna add a path, of course. And we wanna make sure that we go to that event ID. So here I have a relative path relative to the path of the currently active route. And that means if we take a look at App.js again, that if we are on the events page, and we append the event ID at the end, we go to this event detail page, because that route is a child route of this events route. So this event ID is appended to this events path, here, in our route definitions. So we will go to the event detail page if we set up our links like this and we append the event ID to the currently active path when this events list is being rendered. So that should work with that change made. If we click on such an event, we go to the event detail page. Now on this event detail page here, I want to output the event item here. A component which I predefined for you, and for which I already added some styling. So in event detail, instead of showing this dummy content here, we want to output the event item component. And here we must set the event prop and pass the event data for the event for which we wanna view the details to this event prop. And that of course means that we need to load the event details as a first step. Now, we could do this here in the component by using the params and using useEffect to send the HTTP request, but I won't do this here. Instead, I will add another loader function here and export it. Now this time, a loader function for my event details. So I export this, I will convert it to an async function because I want to use the await keyword in here. And now to fetch the data for a single event, we can use the built in fetch function and send a request to our dummy backend API server, which we can reach under HTTP, local host 80 80, and then slash events. And then the ID of the event for which we wanna load data. But how do we get that ID here in the loader? In the event detail page, we could use the use params hook, but we can't use this in the loader. As mentioned before, hooks can't be accessed there. But you still can get access to the route parameters that you need because react router, which calls this loader function for you, actually passes an object to this loader function when executing it for you. And that object contains two important pieces of data: A request property, which contains a request object, and a params property, which contains an object with all your route parameters. Now the request object here in a loader could be used to access the URL to, for example, extract query parameters or anything like that. But here we don't need it. Instead it's the params object, which is interesting for us here. Because with that, we can get access to all the route parameter values as we could do it with help of use params. So here, we have the event ID route parameter. We have this dynamic segment. Then from here, we can access params dot event ID. And that gives us this ID, which we wanna add here at the end of this URL. To send a request to local host 80 80 slash events slash the ID of the event for which we wanna fetch the details. We then get a response by awaiting this fetch call here. And now we could again return this response here as we learned before. We can return such a response object in our loader. And if that's all we want to do, we could, therefore, even return it like this. And, as mentioned, react router would automatically wait for the promise and give us access to the data to which it resolves. Here, however, I will, first of all, await this because I still want to check if not response okay. So if we have a 400-ish or 500-ish error code And only if that's not the case, so if we have a successful response, only in that case I wanna return the response. Otherwise, just as before, I wanna throw an error by using the builtin JSON function, which is provided by react router. And I will throw an error response where I say, "Could not fetch details for selected event." And I will add this metadata object here and set the status to 500 again. Now, you could have more granular error handling, but that's good enough for this demo. So with that, we added the loader code. Now we must register the loader in our route definitions. And that's super easy to forget, but it's super important. Just adding a loader function to your component file like this won't do anything. React router will not look for loaders automatically. Instead, you have to register it here when defining your routes. We have to add the loader property to the event detail page route, and then import the loader here from event detail. And I will again give it an alias, so that we don't have any name clashes. And here it's the "eventDetailLoader," like that. And that is then set as a value for the loader property of this route definition. With that, the loader will now be called whenever we try to visit this event detail page, and therefore here, we can now use the use loader data hook to get hold of that data. So, of that event detail data. And with that, we can then use this data object to access the event property, because I know that my backend API will include the actual event data for the loaded event in an event property on that overall response data object. So with data dot event, I access that event data, and I pass that as a value to the event prop on event item. So now if we save everything, if we save all files, you see that I can visit a single event and view the details here.