Now before we start looking at adding events and sending data, there is one last aspect of loading data which I wanna touch on here. When viewing the details of an event, we can click this Edit button here at the bottom. And this button or this link should take us to the added Edit Event page here. Now for this to happen, I first of all have to go to the Event Item js file, and here we wanna use the link component provided by React Router. So we have to import that and use that instead of this anchor element here. And then I want to add edit and append that to the currently active route. And of course, this should be to instead of ref. With that, if we do that and click, we're taken to that Edit Event Page. Now on this Edit Event Page, I want to show this Event Form here. Now we'll tweak that form a little bit later, but for a start I wanna show it and therefore here on Edit Event Page, I will output this Event Form here. And this Event form component, of course also must be Imported. Import event form from components event form. So that shows us this event form here. Of course, that event form should be prepopulated with the data for the event which we're trying to edit here. Now to do that, we need to fetch that event detailed data not just on the event detail page but also here on the edit event page because that's where we need the data for the event form. So in this edit event page, we need to fetch the same data as we fetch here on the event detail page. These are two different route definitions, event detail versus added event page and therefore two separate loaders would be needed. But actually thankfully we don't have to repeat our code here. Instead we can add a new route definition here where we set the path to colon event id. So the same path as we have it here, however this will be a route that does not render an element. I will not add element here. Instead I just add children and the children of this route will be this route where I now set the path to an empty string or better I simply set index to true. And this route here where I remove this dynamic path segment at the beginning. This is also how you can use nested routes to construct a URL with the parent route URL and the child route URLs. Now here we don't have element because I don't want to have any shared layout or anything like that. Instead, I'm using this approach because I want to add a loader here to this route. This event detail loader, I remove it from the event detail page route and add it to this wrapper route. So you can also use this nested routes feature not just to use a wrapper layout component but also to use a shared loader for example. Because as you learned before, you can access loader data with use loader data with this special hook provided by a React router in any component that's on the same level or a lower level than the route where the loader is added to. So with that, this loader will execute whenever we visit this or this route. And that of course then allows us to reuse the logic and data of that loader in both these routes down here. So therefore now in edit event we can also use the use loader data hook which we must import from React-router-dom. So here I import use loader data and that gives us access to the data object, which as we learned before, includes the event which we need under the event property. And now we could pass the event to the event form here, like this or just like this and omit this step. And in event form we can now use it. Here we can accept such event prop. I actually already added the code for doing so here. I'm extracting this event prop with object destructuring from my props object. And then we can use this event value to set some default values on these inputs with the default value attribute provided by React. This allows us to set the default event title for example. We just want to check whether we have an event before trying to access it. So here I check if I have an event. If yes, I populate this input with the title of this event. Otherwise I set this to an empty string. And then I repeat this here for this image input and also for my date input here. And then also for the text area where I set this to event dot description. With that, we're using this event data to prepopulate the form and if we try to view the form, we're greeted with an error. The reason for that is that by default when we use loader data, it searches for the closest available loader data, and the highest level at which it looks for data is the route definition of the route for which this component was loaded. So in this case, the highest level it looks for data is this edit route here. Now we actually want loader data from this route and to make sure that we use this loader's data instead. So the data from this parent route we should add a special ID property which we can add to our route definitions. And for example, name this event detail. This ID is totally up to you though. And then instead of using use loader data we use a slightly different hook which is called Use Route loader data. This hook works almost like use loader data but it takes a route ID as an argument. In my case here, event dash detail the ID I just assigned to my route. So this ID here. And I use the same hook here in edit event. Here we use route loader data, use route loader data and use that id which we assigned. With that you see now it loads and it populates this form with the loaded data. So that's how you can get access to a higher level loader from a route that doesn't have a loader. You use route loader data instead of use loader data. But now we can reuse that loader across multiple routes which all need the same data. And reusing code is of course always a good thing.