So to add an action to this new route here we add the special action property here. And just like loader, action wants a function an arrow function, or a regular function that does not matter. Now just as with loaders, we typically don't wanna add our action functions here in our route definitions file but instead we want to keep that code close to the components to which it belongs. So here in this case, we might want to add the action function in the new event JS file. So here we can export a function called action. The name is up to you again, we can add the async keyword here if we want to use async await in here. And now in this action function we can send requests to the backend. Now what's again important to understand and keep in mind is that we're still on the client side here. Just as with the loader, this is code that executes in the browser, this is not backend code. You can access any browser API here like for example, local storage. But very often, you might wanna send a request with the good old fetch function again. And here indeed, I wanna send a request to local host 8080. So to my dummy backend API which listens on port 8080 and their slash events. And I actually wanna send a post request which we can do like that, and add some data to the request. And here the data I wanna send is that data that was submitted with the form. Now, the great thing about react-router is that it makes handling form submissions a brace and it helps with extracting data from that form. For that, you should go to that form and make sure that all your inputs have the name attribute because those names will later be used for extracting the data. So these names here must be set on all your inputs and text areas. Next, you should replace the form element with the special form component which is provided by react-router-dom. So you should import form from react-router-dom and then replace the opening and the closing form tag with that form tag. It's the same tag, but with a capital F at the beginning. Now this form tag will make sure that the browser default of sending a request to the backend will be omitted but it will take that request that would've been sent and give it to your action. And that's pretty useful because that request will contain all the data that was submitted as part of the form. Therefore, what you should do here is you should add the method property and set this to post for example, though, this form component also supports other HTP methods like delete or patch, but here I'll choose post. But this request and that's important, will not be sent to the backend automatically, but instead to your action. And it will include all the form data if you use this special form component. Now with that back here in new event JS we are in this action function and to get hold of that request that is captured by react-router and forwarded to that action we have to use the data that's passed to this action function because just as a loader function the action function is executed by react-router and it receives an object that includes a couple of helpful properties. To be precise again, the request and params properties. Now this time, we're not interested in the params because I have no params here when creating a new event but I am interested in the request object because that request object contains the form data. To get hold of that forum data, we have to call the special forum data method on the request object and awaited. That will give us a data object that includes this form data. And on this data object we can call the get method to get access to the different input field values that were submitted. To get we pass a string with the different identifiers of our input fields. So that would be the values we chose as names for the input fields like title or image in my case. So we could, for example, get the title like this the entered title could be extracted like this. And of course that can be repeated for all the fields and I will simply create an event data object here where I have my title which is set equal to the extracted title like this where I then have my image like this, where I then also have the date that was picked and submitted like this and where I get my description like this. So that's how we can extract this submitted form data with help of that request that's forwarded or that's passed into this action function by react-router. Now with that, it's this event data that should be sent to the backend, and we have to convert it to JSON here by wrapping it with JSON stringify. And I'll also add some extra headers where I set the content type to application JSON so that the data is handled and extracted correctly on the backend. This will then me a response if we await this here, and then we can look into this response extract the return data and do whatever we need to do. We can, for example, again, check if it's maybe not okay and in that case throw an error response with that built-in JSON function which we can get from react-router-dom. And that would then display our error page if we throw an error response like this. So this works for actions just as it worked for loaders. So here we could then have a message where we say could not save event and set the status code maybe to 500 again. We can always return data from an action and we will do so soon. But for the moment, that's the basic action code that I want to have for handling this submitted form and for adding a new event by sending that new event request to the backend. With that action defined, we can go back to app JS and there we can now import this action from new event. Here, action as new event action. We can import this and then use this new event action down here as a value for this action property on this route definition. With that, if we save everything we should be able to create a new event here. For that I'm also picking some image here and enter this image address then pick a date and add a description. If you now click save, it looks like nothing happened. But actually, if you click on events you should see that your event was added. But why did nothing happen after clicking save? Well, because we didn't specify what should happen thereafter. And typically when submitting a forum what you want to happen is that you navigate the user away to a different page after successfully submitting the form. To do that, we can go back to our action in new event JS and then return the result of calling Redirect. Redirect, like JSON is a special function you can import from react-router-dom and like JSON, Redirect creates a response object. However, it's a special response object that simply redirects the user to a different page. Now, the heavy lifting is handled behind the scenes by react-router. Here you just specify the path to which you wanna redirect the user and react-router will take care about the rest. So for example, here, if I add another event a never amazing event, now I'm redirected. And that's how you can handle form submissions with help of actions like this.