So we learned how we can use actions to submit data or React to the submission of forms, and leverage this React Router feature to outsource that code that should run upon a form submission from our components into these separate action functions here. Now before we take a closer look at what we can do with such action functions, I wanna show you a different way of triggering such a action function. The typical and default way is to use this special form component offered by React Router, that's the standard way you should use. This form will automatically trigger the action function of the currently active route, so the route for which this form was loaded. Now you could send the request to a different route by adding the action prop here to this form component and setting this to any other path. Then in that case, the action of another path, of another route definition object, would be triggered. So if you had an action on some other route here, you could point at that action by simply setting the form's action prop value to the path of the route for which you wanna trigger the action, but if you wanna trigger the action of the currently active route, you don't need the action prop. But that's just one of the things I wanna show you. I also wanna show you a totally different way of triggering an action. And for that, let's take a look at the event detail component here, this event detail page. There we display the event item component, and this event item component actually has a button that allows us to delete events, but currently it's not working because the function which we trigger upon a click on the button doesn't do anything. Now, it would be reasonable that here in this function we maybe first of all wanna prompt the user whether he or she really wants to delete this event. For this, we could use the built in confirm function, that's built into the browser, and ask are you sure, and this will return a Boolean, so true or false, and if it's true, so if we're in this if block, then we might wanna trigger an action that goes ahead and deletes this event. Now, for that as a first step, we must add an action that should be triggered. And since event item will be rendered as part of the event detail page component, which is loaded for this event detail route here, we should add the action to this event detail route. Alternatively, we add the action somewhere else, and we make sure that we send the request to a different path, but I'll get back to this in a second. For the moment, I want to the action here to this event detail page route, and therefore here, in EventDetail.js, I will add this action function just as I added the loader function here. So here I add the action function, can be a async function, so that we can use async await. And here we then want to add the code for deleting an event. For that, we wanna use the good old fetch function again to send a request to the backend, and here the URL and the path to which we need to send the request is slash events slash, and then the ID of the event that should be deleted. Now, we can get that ID with help of the parents object which we get for actions just as we do for loaders. So here we got the event ID by accessing params.eventId, which is exactly the same approach we take in our loader here. Now we can add that here in this URL. We can then await this, and we get our response. And just as before, we can check if our response is okay, and for that I'll just copy the code from the loader and just alter the error message, if we have an error, where I say could not delete event because that's what we're trying to do here. And else if we are successful, we know that, well, we're done, and we want to probably redirect the user, so here in that case, if we make it past this if check where we check if the response is okay, I will return redirect to redirect the user, and load a different route with help of the built-in redirect function, which is imported from React Router and redirect the user to, let's say events, so to a list of all events, that's what we can do here. And now since we're exporting this action here in App.js, we can import it as delete event action, for example, and then assign this to the action property of this route. But how do we now trigger this action? That was the part I wanted to show you. We could theoretically go to event item, and wrap this button with a form. We could add this form component here, but in that case, we would not be prompted whether we want to proceed. We wouldn't see this confirmation prompt, and I wanna see that to give the user a chance of canceling the deletion process. So we need to trigger that action, and submit some data, so to say, programmatically. And just as we can navigate programmatically, we can also submit data and trigger an action programmatically with the special use submit hook. This hook is imported from react-router-dom, and it gives you a submit function, which I'm storing in a constant here. And we can call this submit function here, if we wanna proceed, and to this submit function we can pass two arguments. The first argument is the data that we wanna submit, and that data will automatically be wrapped in a form data object, which we then could extract with this special form data method we saw when creating a new event, so this method, the data we passed to the submit function would automatically be wrapped with such a form data object, but here I actually need no data, so we can set this to null. The second argument then allows us to basically set the same values we could set on a form, for example the method which we can set to delete in this case, which would be an appropriate method for this client side request, which is handled on the client side, and which triggers this action function as you learned. And we could set the action key to a different path if our action would be defined on a different route path. In this case, it's defined on the same route to which this component belongs in the end, or for which this component is rendered in the end, and therefore we don't need to set the action. Now, the method currently also doesn't matter, but it makes sense to set this to delete, and I actually now wanna use it in event detail because if we just sent our request like this, we wouldn't delete the event because that's not the kind of request our backend is waiting for when it comes to deleting events. Instead, we need to configure this request, which we're sending here, and we must set the method to delete, like this. And of course we could also dynamically extract the method from the submitted form, so to say, by using this request object, which we also get here in this data object that's provided to the action function by React Router. And then we could set the method of the request we're sending to the backend equal to the method that was used for this client side request that was generated by React Router. And now all of a sudden, the method we do set here, in this line of code, does matter because we're using this method in our action. I could have hard coded this method here to delete, but I also wanted to show you how you could access this method that is set when the form is submitted, or when data is submitted, in this case, with this use submit hook and the submit function. And that's how you can submit data and trigger an action programmatically. If you save all your files, you should be able to click delete, you get prompted whether you wanna proceed, and you can cancel this, but you can also confirm it, you'll be redirected, and indeed, the event was deleted.