Now when we had a look at this back-end code before when I added this timeout code, this delay, I also mentioned that I do validate the user input here on the back-end. And I of course have this validation code so that no incorrect data gets stored in my database or in this case, in this file, which I'm using here. Now I also have some validation on the front-end. On my forum inputs here I have these default HTML attributes, which in this case ensure that I can't submit empty input values. But you should never rely on just client side validation, you should always have server side validation because client side validation can, for example be turned off and disabled with the dev tools, with the browser dev tools. Nonetheless, it's good to have both to provide a good user experience. But I of course want to show the user any errors, any validation errors that I gathered on the back-end in case some validation errors were detected here. For example, because the user did disable client side validation. And to do that, I wanna leverage the fact that on the back-end I'm sending back an error response with status code 422 if I found some validation errors there. On the front-end, in the new event page component file here, for example, in this action where I do submit to the data, I wanna react to such potential back-end validation errors. And I wanna react by not showing my default error page so I don't want to throw an error response, but instead I wanna show such validation errors here right above this form because that makes more sense than showing an error page because that would discard all the values entered by the user and not really offer a good user experience. Therefore, I wanna stay on this page, but I wanna output some data. And you can easily do this in actions by returning the data you wanna output above the forum or anywhere in your routes. For that, I will simply check if my response status code is equal to 422, which is that validation status code I'm setting on the back-end in case of validation errors. And if I have that status code, then I want to return my response. So I'm not returning and redirecting, and I'm not throwing an error response, but I'm returning the response I got back from the back-end if I have this 422 status code on the response. Now what does returning a response in an action due though? Well, just as we can return responses in loaders and then use the response data in our components and pages, we can also use returned action data in our pages and components. It's just less common but it's very common for such validation error responses where you don't wanna show an error page. We can go to the event form component, which is in the end rendered by the new event page component here. And in that event form component I can use another provided by a react-router-dom. And that's the use action data hook, which almost sounds like use loader data, which is no coincidence because it does basically the same thing. It gives us access to the data returned by our action, in this case, not by the loader, but by the action and it gives us access to the closest action. So I can use this in this component here even though it's not the page component because it's rendered by the page component for which this action was defined where I return that response. So with that, in event form, I get this data object here and if I return a response in an action this response is automatically parsed by React router for me, just as it is the case for loaders. And therefore here, this data is the data I return on my back-end in case of validation errors. And that would be an object with a general message and a nested errors object, which has different keys for the different inputs with more detailed error messages, if you wanna call it like this. So therefore, here in event form inside of my form, for example, I could check if data is set because it will not be set if we haven't submitted the form yet, for example because that data is coming from an action, you must not forget this. So I check if I have data, if I submitted the form and the action returns some data. And then I check if I have this errors object, this nested errors object on my data. In which case I want to return or output an unordered list where I then use Object.values, a function built into JavaScript to basically loop through all my keys in this errors object and map my data here, the data that's stored for these different keys to list items. Every list item receives the special key prop which is expected by React, and I set it equal to the error message I'm having here, and I output the error message. So that's how I'm outputting these validation errors I could be getting from the back-end. And to show you how this works I will submit this form without any values entered. For that, I'll first of all inspect it in my dev tools and remove these special attributes that would normally prevent me from submitting invalid values. If I disable it like this, I will be able to submit the form without having entered correct values. So that's what I'm doing here for all these inputs. And now if I click Save, you see that here I'm getting these error messages and that's coming from my action where I return that response which I'm getting from the back-end, and I'm then picking up that return data from the action with help of use action data, and I'm outputting the data that's part of that return response here in my JSX code.