Now slowly but steadily, we're coming to an end of this arguably really big module but there is a lot to teach regarding Routing as you can tell. And this is the complete guide course after all, not the 'I just teach you some parts of it' guide but still we're getting closer to concluding this module. But there still are a couple of important features offered by React Router you should know. And to introduce the first feature, you'll find a couple of updated code files attached to this lecture. You'll find an updated main navigation js file where I added a new link and this new newsletter signup component, which is another component you'll find attached newsletters sign up which renders a simple form with a input which could be used by users to sign up for an imaginary newsletter. There also is a CSS file for this component attached. Then I added the newsletter.js file which should go into the pages folder which also renders this newsletter signup component wrapped into this page content component. And where I defined dummy action. That doesn't really do anything but that does extract the provided email and we could then send it to some backend server. But here we're not doing anything with it because we don't need to do anything with it for this demo. And in app js, I also added a new route and therefore you'll find the updated app js file attached. I added this newsletter route on the same level as my homepage route essentially. And this route renders the newsletter page component which I just showed you and has the newsletter action attached to it. Now, I did add these components and this route because there is a new feature I wanna show you, as mentioned. And for that, it's important to understand that we have this newsletter signup form, both on the newsletter page as well as on every other page because it is included here in the main navigation. So it's not just on one single page, but on all pages. The problem with that is that of course we wanna trigger this action this newsletterAction whenever this newsletter form is submitted. And if we are on the newsletter page, if we are on this page, that would be quite straightforward to do. All we had to do is go to the newsletter signup component which is where we have this form and use React Router's form component here which starts with a capital F. And as you learned that would automatically trigger the action that belongs to the currently active route. The problem is however, that this form is included on all routes because it's part of the main navigation. This newsletter signup component is part of the main navigation. Therefore, we would have to add the action to all routes and that would of course be a lot of code duplication and also clash with other actions that we might need for our routes. Now this is such a common use case that React Router has a solution for it. There is a special hook which you can import from react-router-dom, and that is the useFetcher hook. The name might be a bit strange but this hook when executed gives you an object. And this object includes a bunch of useful properties and methods. For example, it gives you another form component which is different from that other form component we used before. It also gives you a submit function which is different from the submit function we got from useSubmit, which we used before. But what is the difference between this form we get here and this submit function which we get here? Well, if we use this Fetcher Form component like this which we can then this will actually still trigger an action but it will not initialize a route transition. So Fetcher should basically be used whenever you wanna trigger, an action, or also a loader with help of the load function without actually navigating to the page to which the loader belongs or the page to which the action belongs. On this form here we can add the action attribute and for example, point at /newsletter because I know that I wanna trigger the action off that newsletter route but I wanna make sure that I don't load that route's component. I don't wanna load the element that belongs to this route. And with the default form, we would do that. If I add form here without Fetcher just to show you what the difference is you will notice that if I set up this form like this with the default form provided by React Router if I go to Events and I then enter some email address here I'm forwarded to the Events page after submitting this. And that's not the behavior I want. Now, it changes if I use fetcher.Form because as I mentioned with Fetcher, we don't transition, we don't move to a different route. So now we can get rid of the form import and use Fetcher form instead. And now if I'm on Events and I enter my details here now I submit this without transitioning. Now we don't get a feedback because I haven't added any logic for this but we saw before that it seemed to work since we did transition with that other form. And we can get a feedback by using other properties provided by Fetcher because useFetcher, this useFetcher hook, is basically the tool you should use if you wanna interact with some action or a loader without transitioning. So if you wanna send your requests behind the scenes, so to say, without triggering any route changes and because that's the goal or that's where Fetcher wants to help you this Fetcher object also includes a bunch of properties that help you understand whether your action or loader that you triggered succeeded. You also get access to any data returned by that loader or action. You get access to that data through that data property here to be precise. So we can actually use object Destructuring to pull out that data property, that data object, which is returned by the action or loader that's being triggered. And you can also get hold of a state object or a state value to be precise which is equal to idle loading or submitting which you might know from the useNavigation hook. But useNavigation was meant to be used with actual route transitions. The state you get from Fetcher instead tells you whether the Fetcher behind the scenes completed its loader or action that was triggered. So we can then use this to update the UI accordingly. For example, we could bring back useEffect the regular good old useEffect from React and trigger a function whenever data and state changed. So whenever one of these two values changed and we can check if state is equal to idle, which means we're not executing an action or a loader anymore, and we can check if we got data and if that data got a message property because actually my newsletter action does return an object with a message property. So that's what I'm checking for here. And if that's all the case, we could use the built in alert function to say "Signup successful" or anything like that. We can actually also just output data.message. That might be even easier. We could of course also do other things and for example clear the input or do whatever we wanna do. But this is all the way of getting access to the data and the state of our behind the scenes action or loader execution, and they offer with those changes applied. If I now submit this, again, I get this alert here. So useFetcher is the tool you should use if you wanna trigger a loader or an action without actually loading the page, the route to which this action or loader belongs. And it's perfect for scenarios like we have it here where you might have some shared component or a component that's used multiple times on the same page and where you just wanna update or get some data behind the scenes.