Now to come to an end for this module here. I wanna introduce one last feature you should also be aware of. And that's a feature that allows you to defer when data is loaded. But what does this mean? Well, to show you what it means let me go back to my backend code to routes events JS. And here at the very top. This get route which is responsible for returning a list of all my events. Here I wanna bring back a timeout. And I wanna slow this down and make sure that my response with the events is only sent after two seconds. Now just as before, we should restart that backend for these changes to have an effect. And now if we would go to another page and back to the events page, you will see that it takes some time for this page to load. And we did discuss this earlier already and I did show you how you could show a loading indicator with help of the use navigation hook. But sometimes you wanna load this page before the data is there and show parts of the page already until all the data is there. For example, here it would make sense to show these buttons already, the all events and new event buttons, even if the list of events hasn't been loaded yet. But at the moment we don't see anything until the events are there. And that's where we can defer loading and tell React router that we actually wanna render a component already even though the data is not fully there yet. And that's exactly what we'll implement now. For that, we can go to events JS which is where we are loading these events. And in order to defer loading that, what we need to do here is we need to grab that code here and outsource it into a separate function, an async function, which I'll name load events. And then I put my code in there. So it's almost the same code as before. Just wrapped into a separate function. I'm doing this because in the loader I now don't want to await this promise here. Instead here I can actually get rid of this async keyword and use a special function in this loader function. The defer function which should be imported from react-router-dom. This defer function. Now defer is a function that must be executed and Q defer we pass an object. Now in this object, we in the end, bundle all the different HTTP requests we might have going on on this page. In this case it's only one request though. The request for all my events. I'll give that request a key of events. For example, though that key is up to you. And then here I'll point at load events. I'll actually not just point at it instead I will execute it. So I add parentheses here. So I execute the load events function and I stored a value returned by load events which is a promise, since this is a async function, in this object under the events key. Now we must have a promise here. If we wouldn't have a promise there would be nothing to defer because the idea behind defer is that we have a value that will eventually resolve to another value, which is the definition of a promise. And that we wanna load a component and render a component even though that future value isn't there yet. So load events returns a promise. It must return a promise and it does. And we store that promise under the events key in this object which we pass to defer. And it's now this value returned by defer which we return in our loader. Now this is not everything we have to do though. Instead now, as our next step, we have to go to the component where we want to use the deferred data and we still use use loader data here. We still do that. But this data will now actually be an object that gives us access to these deferred value keys here. So to events, in my case. And here in this component we now don't directly render the component or the JSX code that needs our data. Instead what we do in here is we return another component provided by react-router-dom and that's the await component. So we render await here. And await has a special resolve prop which wants one of our deferred values as a value. So here on this data object we know that we have an events key because that's what we set here. So this data object here will have the keys we set in this object that we pass to defer. And that events key will, in the end, hold a promise as a value. So it's kind of that promise which we wanna pass to this resolve value of the await component. So here I'll actually use object de structuring to get my events key and pass this to resolve here, like this. Now that await component will wait for that data to be there. And then between the opening and closing tags, we output a dynamic value which must be a function that will be executed by a React router once that data is there. So once that promise resolved. Once we have that data. So here we, therefore, get our events in the end. Our loaded events if we want to call it like this. Again, this function will be called by React router once the data is there. And it's therefore now here where we wanna output our events list and pass these loaded events as a value for the events prop. Now, as a last step, we have to add another component that must be wrapped around the await component. And that's the suspense component which is imported from React. So not from React router but from React. The suspense component is a component which can be used in certain situations to show a fallback whilst we're waiting for other data to arrive. We'll see it again later in the course in a totally different scenario not related to Routing but here it is a component that's supported and used by React router and by the await component to show a fallback whilst we're waiting for these events to be fetched. So here the fallback which I do wanna show is actually a paragraph where I say loading. And I will add some inline style here, quick and thoroughly, to set the text alignment to center. And that's how we can defer data loading. A couple of steps as you can tell. But now with that we'll load this events page component and render this component before we have the data and will show this fallback until the data is there. So if we now save all files and we go to home and then events. We see that loading text here. And then after two seconds we get an error. Now I'm getting this error because in my load events helper function I'm still returning the response. And whilst this did work before, where this was the value that was received directly by use loader data, this does not work anymore if we have this, the first step, in between. What I have to do instead is I have to manually parse that here. So here I got my response data by awaiting for response dot JSON and then here I return resdata dot events in this load events helper function. That's required because we have just the first step between our loader and use loader data. With that, if I now go to home and back to events, we get this loading text here and then we see those events here. So that's this defer feature in action. And this defer feature can speed up your pages and make sure that you're already showing some content whilst you're waiting for other content. It especially shines if you have pages with multiple HTTP requests with different speeds, though.