So, how does this defer feature shine if you have multiple requests with different speeds? Well, for that, let's go to the event detail page. Here we're only outputting the event item, but I'm going to change this. Besides the event item, I also wanna output my events list here. So therefore, we of course must fetch the events on this page here as well. To do that, I'll quickly copy that load events function from events.js, We could also store it in another shared file, and export it, but here I'll quickly copy it, and paste it here above my loader in the EventDetail.js file. I will also add another function in this EventDetail.js file, which I'll name loadEvent, where I expect to get the ID of an event, and I'll put that code here, which is responsible for loading a single event into this loadEvent helper function here. Now, just as before, I will also change this return value here of load event to manually extract the data. So just as in load events, I'll use the JSON method, and await it, and then return resData.event here in the end. So now I got these two helper functions, and I will now use it here in this loader function because here I now want to actually defer again, so I will return defer, and for that of course we must import defer, and I will defer here because we know that load events will take a while because we have this two second time out on the backend, whereas load event should be rather fast. And I wanna show you how defer can help you load some data whilst still waiting for other data. So here, when calling defer, I pass an object to it, and I have my single event where I will call loadEvent and pass this ID, which I'm extracting from my params, to load event, and I have events where I call loadEvents, like that, and of course that should also be executed. So now this is looking similar to what we had before in the events.js file, but we have two requests that are bundled in this defer object. Now with that done, we're using useRouteLoaderData here, but that works with defer just as used loader data did. And we know that here we'll get an object that has an event and an events key. These are these two deferred requests so to say. Now we need the await component, which I showed you before, and we use that await component two times to await these two different requests. So here I pass event to the resolve prop, and then I pass events plural to the resolve prop. Then we got these dynamic values between the opening and closing await tags where I got my event in this first case, or let's maybe name it loadedEvent, where I then wanna output the event item once that data is there. So here I pass loadedEvent to the event prop, like this. And then here, for the second await block, I got my loaded events, and I will output those here. Now we also need suspense, and every await block must be wrapped with its own suspense component. Otherwise, suspense will wait for both awaits to complete before showing anything, which is not what we want. So we need to import suspense, and then add our fallback here. Again, a paragraph where we maybe say loading, with that inline style added here, like this, and I'll use that same suspense block down there to wrap my second await. Now what does this do? Well, if we saved at all, and I click on an event, you'll see that the details were there basically immediately, but the list of events was still loading. Let's take a look at this again. If I go to my events, and I click on a single event, the details are there immediately, and the other list of events is still loading. By the way, those links in this nested list would now be broken. To fix that, we would have to go to EventsList.js, and then convert these links to absolute links here, since we can now end up in situations where this component is rendered on a page where adding this to the currently active path would lead to an overall incorrect path. But that's just a tiny side note not related to deferring data loading. But what we do get with that, is now a page that's instantly available, while still loading other data that's not instantly available. However, this is still not the perfect solution. The backend here is super fast, but you can sometimes see a loading message here, for these details, for a short fraction of a second because we're actually deferring both pieces of data, the single event and all events. Now, it would make sense to tell React Router that it should maybe wait with displaying the event detail page until the details have been loaded, so the navigation should only start once the details have been loaded, but it should then load the list of events after we navigate it here, and defer gives you that fine grain control. If you have an async loader with the async function, you can simply add the await keyword here, and that will make sure that defer waits for this data to be loaded before loading this page component at all, so before moving and navigating to this page component, but will load this data, the loadEvents data, after the page was loaded. So await is your lever, your switch for controlling which data should be awaited before moving to this page, and which data should be deferred, so where you wanna load the data after moving to the page. And with this setup here, we would wait for the event details to be loaded before loading this page component at all, but we would load the list of events after rendering this page. Here, you won't see a big difference, but it will actually ensure that we never see a loading text here for the event details. And that's how you can use defer to control when which data is loaded.