Now that's it for this course section. To fully conclude it I'll just finalize this homepage component and render my page content component here which is imported from components page content. And I'll set a title to welcome and add a paragraph where I say browse all our amazing events. Something like this. But that's just a tiny note, just a tiny change to make this homepage at least a little bit nicer. But that's it for this course section. And you did learn a lot about routing. You learned how you can generally configure routes and make sure that different components are loaded for different paths. You learned how you can handle errors and how you can set up layouts that wrap itself around multiple routes. You learned about nested routes, as you can see here. And most importantly, you learned about data fetching and submission. You learned how you can generally set up data fetching and submission with loaders and actions. And you learned about advanced use cases where you could use, use fetcher to fetch or load data behind the scenes without navigating. And you learned about deferring data fetching. Which can be helpful if you have some slow requests, some slow backend, and you wanna show a page without waiting for the data to be there. Or if you have multiple pieces of data and you wanna show some data before all the data is there as we had it here with the single event and the list of events. You should not always use the fur but instead use it when you need this behavior when you need to show something before all the data is there. We covered tons of features in this course section. It was a long section for sure but I hope it's clear , how you can generally configure routes. What the idea behind routing is and how routing works. Definitely feel free to go back to individual lectures or to go through this entire section again, even though it was long but maybe at double speed. So that you get all these concepts down and you fully understand how all these features work. Because once you start building real React apps, more complex React apps. You will almost always need routing. And especially the data fetching and submission capabilities of React router can make that data fetching and submission part a breeze. You just need to understand how it works and I hope this course section helped you with that.