In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about associative arrays. So first of all, what are associative arrays? Associative arrays or maps or dictionaries are abstract data types, again, which means that associative arrays just define the behavior exclusively without the concrete implementation. So, for example, we can implement associative arrays with the help of an underlying one dimensional array or with the help of balanced binary search trees. So again, associative arrays are abstract data types. Associative arrays are composed of a collection of key value pairs where each key appears at most once in the collection. So it is absolutely crucial that so far we have been talking about one dimensional arrays, linked lists, and we came to the conclusion that we are able to store items efficiently here with associative arrays. Basically, we have key value pairs, so we have to store two items at the same time in the sense that the key is going to identify a given value in the collection. Most of the times we implement associative arrays with hash tables, so with the help of a one dimensional array, but binary search trees can be used as well. And of course the aim is to achieve, although one constant running time complexity for most of the operations. And you may pose the question that why do we want to store key value pairs? And it is quite common in modern applications. So for example, there are several services online that identify the users based on email addresses. So for example, we have three email addresses and every single email address identify a given user in the database. So basically we have key value pairs where the key is an email address, the value is the user itself. And what is the key principle that each key appears at most once in the collection? And it is fine because if we want to identify users based on email addresses, then of course it may not happen that there are multiple same email addresses. Okay, so key value pairs and associative arrays are extremely powerful and useful in modern applications. We have been talking about one dimensional array and we came to the conclusion that it is working fine if we know the index of the given item. If we want to find an arbitrary item in a one dimensional array, then we have no other option but to do a simple linear search. So we have to consider the items one by one In linear running time complexity, we can do better with binary search trees with order log and logarithmic running time complexity. Binary search trees may become imbalanced, and if the binary search tree is imbalanced, it means that logarithmic running time complexity may be reduced to even linear running time complexity. And this is why AVL trees and red black trees came to be. We are going to talk about balanced binary search trees when dealing with Treemaps because under the hood Treemaps rely heavily on red black trees. In the coming lectures we are going to talk about standard hash maps that uses one dimensional arrays. So this is why, first of all, we are going to consider the fundamental basics of associative arrays and then we are going to talk about tree like structures. These data structures can guarantee a logarithmic running time complexity. And a good question is, is it possible to do even better? So logarithmic running time complexity is extremely fast, but maybe we are able to achieve, although one constant running time complexity and it has something to do with one dimensional arrays and random accessing. So we know for certain that if we know the index of a given item in a one dimensional array, then we can get it with order. One constant running time complexity. And basically this is the fundamental principle behind associative arrays that if we combine random access features of one dimensional arrays with so-called hash functions, we are going to talk a lot about hash functions and it is going to be clear. Then we can end up with order one constant running time complexity. And of course it is the fastest approach possible. It is faster than linear running time complexity and it is faster than logarithmic running time complexity. So in the coming lectures we are going to talk about how to combine random access with hash functions in order to achieve order. One constant running time complexity for most of the operations. So what are these operations we would like to achieve? We would like to make sure that all the following operations have order. One constant running time complexity as far as adding key value pairs to the collection or data structure as. Far as removing a key value pair from the collection or the data structure. And as far as the search operation or the lookup operation is concerned. So we want to look up a given value associated with a given key. Of course, there are several disadvantages when dealing with associative arrays, and the most crucial disadvantage is that these abstract data types do not support sorting operation. So the key and value pairs are unordered. And this is why associative arrays do not support sorting as an operation. So if we want to end up with a data structure or a collection that supports the sorting operation, then of course associative arrays are not the best option possible. And we can use balanced binary search trees because balanced binary search trees are working extremely fine. So this is what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures as far as the theory and the concrete implementation is concerned. Thanks for watching.