In the previous lectures we have been talking about associative arrays and we came to the conclusion that we would like to achieve order. One constant running time complexity for most of the operations, such as insertion and removal. Okay, so as far as hash tables are concerned, the motivation is that we want to store key value pairs efficiently so that insertion and removal operations will take order. One constant running time complexity. So for example, we have key value pairs such as authors and the titles of their novels as far as the values are concerned. And we want to make sure that these operations, as far as insertion and removal are concerned, will take order. One constant running time complexity or for example, when we have email addresses and users as key value pairs and it is quite common in online applications, then the user has to provide a given email address and the email address is going to identify every single user in the application. So there may be several cases when we need key value pairs. And the keys are unique in the sense that there are no two users in the application that use the same email address. Okay. So the aim is that we would like to insert, for example, a key value pair where the key is equals to a name Kevin Smith, for example, and the value is an age parameter. We would like to insert it, for example with index three. So the underlying data structure we are going to use is a one dimensional array. If we want to insert, for example, another person with name and the age. As far as the key value pair is concerned. Daniel Musk with age 19, then it is going to be inserted into the one dimensional array with index six. So a good question is how to achieve order one running times for insertion and removal operation. The naive approach would be to search for an empty slot in the one dimensional array or search for the item if we want to get the given key value pair. But of course this is exactly how one dimensional array data structures work, and we already came to the conclusion that if we want to find an arbitrary item in a one dimensional array data structure, it takes order and linear running time complexity. So this is why the key idea behind hash tables is that if we know the index of the item we would like to insert or we would like to remove. So basically the key value pair we would like to manipulate, then we can use random access in order. One constant running time complexity as far as insertion and removal operations are concerned. So what's going to happen? We know for certain that in a hash table, keys are unique, which means that no two item in a hash table can have the same key value. And basically this is exactly the reason why we are going to use the keys in order to avoid using the same indices. And then we are going to use a so-called hash function in order to transform the keys into indices in the given one dimensional array. Of course, we have to make sure that the generated index must be within the range zero and M minus one, where M is the number of items we can store in the underlying one dimensional array. Okay. So just to summarize again the age hash function maps, keys to array indices in the array to be able to use random indexing and to be able to achieve order one constant running time complexity for the operations. Okay, so we will have keys such as names Andre Malo, Herbert, Spencer Abercrombie and so on. So in general, we have M items and we want to store these M items in M buckets. So basically M is the number of items we can store in the underlying one dimensional array. Of course, because indices starts with zero. This is why the first index is zero. The last index is M minus one. Okay. So the hash function defines the relationships between the keys and the array indices. So if we apply the hash function on Andre Malo, then the result is going to be the index of the array slots or the so-called buckets in which we are going to store that given key value pair. If we apply the hash function on Herbert Spencer as the key, then it is going to return with an array index. Again, if we apply the hash function on Albert Camu as the key, then we will get an array index again. So the Ajax hash function transforms the key. Ease into array in this is what's crucial that it should handle any types, no matter that the keys are strings, floating point numbers, integers or even custom objects. If we have integer keys, then it is quite easy because we just have to use the modulo operator in order to transform the number into the range zero and minus one. If we are dealing with strings or characters, then we can use the Ascii representations or the Ascii values of the letters to be able to end up with a valid array index. So the hash function distributes the keys uniformly into buckets or array slots. So let's take a look at a concrete example. For example, we have an underlying one dimensional array starting with index zero one, two, three, four up to seven. So how many items we can store, We can store up to eight items in this one dimensional array. Eight Because indices starts with zero. Okay. For example, we would like to insert a key value pair. As usual. The key is equals. To Adam, the value is equals to 39. So what's going to happen? This is exactly what we have been talking about, that we are going to use the key. We will apply the so-called hash function and the hash function is going to transform the key value, in this case a name Adam into a valid array index in the underlying one dimensional array. So, for example, we can use the key values for the letters to end up with numerical representations A, D, A and M. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with Ascii values. Ascii stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange. It is a character encoding standard for electronic communication. And of course, if we take a closer look, then you are going to find a so-called table because of course computers can deal with numeric data. So of course the characters and letters are going to be represented with the help of numerical values. So here if we search for the capital letter A, as you can see, it has the numerical representation 65in Ascii, letter D has the numerical representation 68 and finally M has the numerical representation. 77 So with the help of Ascii values, we are able to transform strings into numerical value. So A has the value 65 D has the value, 68 A has the value 65 again and M has the value 77 Okay, so if we have these values, we can do any operations we want. For example, just for demonstration purposes, we are going to sum up the values. The result is equal to 275. But of course we have to make sure that the index is in the range zero and M minus one. Okay. The size of the array is equals to eight. So we can come to the conclusion that this value is not going to be fine because it is outside the scope of the one dimensional array. So what do we have to do? We can use the so-called modulo operator, and eight is the size of the underlying one dimensional array. And with the help of this operation, we can transform any value within the range zero and the last item of the one dimensional array. And here we end up with three. So what's going to happen? Basically, we have constructed a valid hash function because the hash function transforms the key into a valid index in the underlying one dimensional array. And this is exactly what we have done here. We have summed up the Ascii values and we have used the modulo operator to end up with three. So basically we have generated a valid index in the underlying one dimensional array for the item we would like to insert. Okay. So the hash function transforms the keys into valid indices in the one dimensional array. Let's take a look at another example and it is going to be clear that there is a huge issue with hash functions. For example, we have a key value pair. Again, the key is equals to M, a C, the value is equals to 21. So we would like to insert this key value pair into the hash table. So what do we have to do? We have to apply the hash function on the key in order to generate a valid index in the underlying one dimensional array. So what's going to happen? We have n a a C, We have to use the Ascii representations for these letters and is equals to 78. A is equals to 65. A is equals to 65. Again, C is equals to 67. What do we have to do? For example, we can sum up the values. The result is equals to 275 again. So what's going to happen? Of course, we have to use the modulo operator with the size of the underlying one dimensional array, and we end up with three again. And this is called collision. So it is a huge problem with hash tables and hash functions that it may happen, that the hash function has the same value for different keys. And why is it a problem? Because in this case, we have generated the same index, which means that if we want to insert this key value pair into the hash table, then either we have to override the actual value that's already present in that given bucket or we have to discard the actual one we would like to insert. So this is why it is a crucial part in hash tables and hash functions that we have to deal with. Collisions. Collision means inserting more items into the same array slot. And of course, as you can see, it may happen because even in theory we are not able to construct a hash function that returns different array indices to absolutely different key values, because as we can see, we have used totally different keys. And anyways, the hash function calculated the same array index. So this is why in the next lecture we are going to talk about collisions and how to handle collisions. Thanks for watching.