In the previous lecture we have been talking about hash functions and we came to the conclusion that sometimes the hash function is going to yield the same array index for two different keys. And this is called collision. So in this lecture we are going to talk about collisions. So collisions occur when the Ajax hash function maps two or more keys to the same array slot or bucket. So basically when the hash function generates the same array index for two different keys. Okay. So if we have the key space with several key values and the return value of the hash function is the same for two distinct keys, then basically this is called collision. And of course somehow we have to handle collisions. So we would like to insert two or more items into the same array slot. Of course, there are several solutions, so the hash function defines the relationships between the keys and the array indices. This is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture. If the hash function is perfect, then there are no collisions at all. So you may pose the question that is it possible to construct a hash function that's not going to produce collisions? And the answer is that in real world there will be collisions for sure because there are no perfect hash functions. Okay, So let's talk about the solutions. So how to handle collisions? There are two different approaches. The first one is called chaining. The second one is called open. Addressing. As far as chaining is concerned, this approach is going to create an additional data structure, a so-called linked list. So we store the items in the same bucket with the same index with the help of a linked list data structure. So for example, if we use the hash function on K three, then the result is going to be the last index in the one dimensional array. So we insert the given value, then we consider K two, and if we apply the hash function, then we end up with index two. So we put the value two into this location. Okay, then what if we use the hash function on k four? It may happen that the hash function returns with the same array index. As far as the underlying one dimensional array is concerned, of course, this is called collision. So what's going to happen? Of course we are not able to insert multiple items into the same array slot, but we can create a linked list starting with that given array slot. So what's going to happen? We can insert the value four associated with K, four with the help of a linked list and this bucket has a reference to the next item in the linked list. So this is how we are able to use linked list data structure in order to store multiple items associated with the same array index. Okay. What if we have another item and we apply the hash function on k one? Again, it may happen that it returns the same index with value two, which means that in this case we would like to store three items associated with the same array index. And of course it is not a problem because as far as chaining is concerned, we just have to use a simple linked list data structure and we can store as many items as we want. So again, we have to create a new node in the linked list and this is how we can store the value two the value four and value one associated with the same index in the underlying array data structure. Okay. So if we consider chaining, there is a huge issue that in a worst case scenario, the hash function may put all the items into the same bucket, into the same array slot, which means that we will end up with a linked list where all the items are in the same array slot pointing to each other with the help of references exactly as we have seen when implementing the linked list data structure. So first of all, linked lists need some additional memory because of the references. So as we have seen, every single item is pointing to the next item in the linked list. So because of these references, linked list data structure needs additional memory and the final running time complexity is going to be although and linear running time complexity for most of the operations. And of course it is not good as far as hash tables are concerned. The aim is to achieve order one constant running time complexity. In the worst case scenario, we may end up with a linked list with order and linear running time complexity. As far as the advantage is concerned, it is quite easy to implement chaining and this is exactly what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures. But. But this approach is not the best one possible. Of course it has several advantages, but usually we prefer open addressing. So if we come to the conclusion that there is a collision, then we generate a new index for the item and try to find another bucket with another index. There are several implementations of open addressing. The first one is called linear probing. So if a collision happened at array index K, then we try index K plus one, then we try K plus two if necessary. Then we try k plus three if necessary until we find an empty bucket. So this is why it is called linear probing, because if there is a collision at a given index then we try the next array slot in the underlying one dimensional array. It is not always the best option possible because there may be clusters in the underlying array, because if there is a collision then we try the next item possible. So this is why it may happen that there are clusters in the underlying one dimensional arrays and we are going to talk about that. Why is it a problem if there are multiple clusters in the underlying one dimensional array? Okay. But of course it has some advantages as well as far as cache performance is concerned. So if we try linear probing, then these items that we insert in case there is a collision are located right next to each other because items right next to each other in a one dimensional array are located right next to each other in the main memory. And this is a huge advantage because the programming language and the operating system may cache those variables, which means that it is going to be extremely fast. So linear probing has some advantages as well as some disadvantages. It is working fine. Okay. Another approach is called quadratic probing. So if a collision happened at array index K, then we try successive values of an arbitrary quadratic polynomial. For example, we try the array slots one step away from the collision. Then if we come to the conclusion that given array slot is already occupied, then we tried the array slot four steps away from the collision, then nine steps away from the collision, then 16 steps away from the collision. So why is it good? Because there will be no clusters, unlike linear probing. But of course, again, it has some disadvantages as well as far as cache advantage is concerned, because these items are located far away from each other. The operating system and the programming language is not able to take full advantage of caching. Okay. And the final approach is called double hashing or rehashing. If a collision happened at array index K, then we use the hash function again to generate a new index. By the way, open addressing is much more complicated to implement from scratch. So this is why usually we prefer chaining. As far as an additional linked list data structure is concerned, but usually linear, probing, quadratic, probing or rehashing these approaches are considered to be a bit better approach as far as handling collisions is concerned. Okay. So for example, let's take a look at a concrete example for linear probing. So we take the hash function as far as K three is concerned from the key space and the result is going to be the last array slot in the underlying one dimensional array and we insert the given value. Then we use the hash function again for the second key. So k two and the result is the array index one. So we are going to insert the value here. What if we have for example k for the hash function returns with the same array index, which means that there is a collision. So what do we have to do here? We come to the conclusion that the array slot is already occupied, so linear probing is going to try the next slot in the one dimensional array. And in this case, because there is no item in that given array slot, which means that the array slot is empty, then we insert the value there. So this is the linear probing approach, which means that if we come to the conclusion that the given array slot is occupied, which means that there is a collision basically, then we try the next array slots on a one by one basis. Okay, so let's take a look at the average case and the worst case running time complexities. As far as memory complexity is concerned, of course, we have to store all the items in the data structure. So hash tables has order and linear memory complexity. What about search operation insertion, operation and deletion operation? If the hash function is working fine, which is basically the. Average case scenario, then all of these operations have order one constant running. Time complexity. This is exactly why we like hash tables because they are extremely fast data structures. But what if the hash function is not working fine? If the hash function is not working fine, it means that it is going to generate the same array indices for multiple keys and there are several collisions. If there are several collisions, then in worst case scenario, we end up with a linked list that has auto and linear running time complexity. So this is why hash tables are working fine, but in worst case scenario there are as slow as arrays or linked lists. So this is why if we want to guarantee that the data structure is going to be fast, then balanced binary search trees are the best option possible because they have the average case and the worst case logarithmic running time complexity for these operations. Okay, so that's all about hash table collisions. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about load balancing. Thanks for watching.