In this lecture, we are going to talk about the so called load factor and dynamic resizing. So first of all, let's talk about the probability of collision. So if we pose the question that what is the probability of collision when we insert the first item? Of course, the probability of collision is equals to zero because there is no item in the underlying one dimensional array. What is the probability of collision during inserting the second item? Of course, there is a small probability of collision and we can come to the conclusion that the more items we have already inserted into the hash table, the higher the probability of collision when we try to insert the next item. Because of course there are more items in the underlying array data structure. So the probability of picking an array slot or a bucket that is already occupied by another item keeps increasing during the insertion of multiple items. So the more items are there in a hash table, the higher the probability of collision. And this is why we can define a new parameter of the hash table, the so called load factor. The load factor has something to do with the number of actual items in the array data structure and M, which is the size of the array. So N divided by M is called the load factor itself that defines a typical memory and running time tradeoff. So of course if the load factor is small, then what does it mean that N is smaller than M? So what does it mean that there are just a few items in the underlying array data structure, which means that the hash table is nearly empty? And of course it means that the probability of collisions are low. But of course a lot of memory is wasted because of course there are several array slots or buckets that are empty. What is the case if the load factor is high? So it is around one because of course if we consider this formula, the load factor is a numerical value within the range zero and one of course if N is equals to M, it means that the underlying array data structure is full and the load factor is equals to one. If n is equals to zero and M is the size of the underlying array data structure, basically the load factor is equals to zero. In this case, this is when the underlying array data structure is empty. So if the load factor is high, so it is close to one, then the hash table is nearly full, which means that there is an extremely high probability of collision if we want to insert another item. In this case, of course, no memory is wasted because there are just a few unoccupied array slots. But of course because of the high probability of collisions, we may end up with Aldo and linear running time complexity in worst case. So this is why again, it is quite common in computer science that there is a trade off between memory and running time. If we want to minimize the memory the given application uses, then it is not going to be a fast approach. If we want to maximize the running time of the given algorithm, then we have to use more memory. Okay, So we can come to the conclusion that based on the load factor, we can decide when to resize the underlying hash table. So we have already came to the conclusion that performance relies extremely heavily on the load factor. Sometimes it is better to use more memory in order to achieve faster running times. And this is exactly why programming languages such as Java or Python resizes the hash table dynamically. So when the load factor is greater than 0.75, then Java resizes the hash table and Python does the same when the load factor is greater than 0.66. So what does it mean? It means that Java resizes the underlying one dimensional array. If the load factor is 0.75, which means that 75% of the underlying one dimensional array is full. And of course, python resizes the underlying array data structure when 66% of the array slots or the buckets are occupied. Okay. So sometimes it is better to resize and change the size of the underlying array data structure, but we can come to the conclusion that it is quite an expensive operation because the problem is that the hash values are depending on the size of the underlying array data structure. This is what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures when we were talking about hash functions that for example, if we use the representation of the letters as far as the key is concerned. Then first we have to transform the letters into numerical values. Then we have to sum up these values. But of course we have to use the modulo operator as far as the size of the underlying array is concerned. So as you can see, the hash function and the hash indices relies extremely heavily on the size of the underlying array data structure. And basically this is the problem itself. So the hash values are depending on the size of the underlying array. So we have to consider all the items in the old hash table and reinsert them into the new hash table with the help of the hash function. And this is why it takes order and linear running time complexity, which is not that good. So this fact may make dynamic sized hash tables inappropriate for real time applications. You may pose the question why? And the answer is that linear running time complexity is quite slow. This is why we came to the conclusion that binary search trees and balanced binary search trees are better than arrays and linked lists. So with the help of Avielle trees or red black trees, we can have a guaranteed order log n logarithmic running time complexity, which is far better than linear running time complexity. So this is why hash tables are working fine on average case we can achieve order one constant running time complexity, but there may be several issues. First of all, we are not able to end up with a perfect hash function, so there may be collisions. And the second problem has something to do with the load factor that based on the load factor, if we want to minimize the probability of collisions and of course we want to minimize the probability of collisions, then we have to resize the underlying array data structure dynamically at runtime and resizing. The underlying array is quite expensive. It has auto and linear running time complexity. Anyways. That's all about load factor and dynamic resizing. Thanks for watching.