In the previous lectures we have been talking about the theoretical background for Hashmaps as far as the underlying one dimensional array is concerned. As far as the hash functions are concerned and so on. In this lecture we are going to take a look at a concrete example how to use hash maps. So first of all, what's crucial and this is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures, that hash table, hash map and linked hash map have nothing to do with collections. So the collection interface is extended by list queue and set exclusively as far as hash tables, hash maps and linked hash maps are concerned. All of these classes implement the so-called map interface. And this is the crucial interface when we want to deal with key value pairs. So this is the crucial difference. As far as collections are concerned, we can store scalar values. What does it mean that we want to store integers, doubles, floating point numbers, custom objects and so on? As far as maps are concerned, we can store key value pairs so we are not able to store a single integer in a given hash map because of course we need keys and values accordingly. Okay. So because it implements the map interface, we can create something like this. And just for demonstration purposes, we are going to use integer and for example, a string. It is going to be the map. We can instantiate it as a hash map and it is going to work just fine. Of course we have to import java.util.map. This is the interface and we have the hash map as the class. So the concrete implementation as usual, we can check the documentation as far as hash map is concerned. As you can see, it is a class, it is generic, so we can use generic keys and generic values, integers, strings, custom objects, whatever. There are two important parameters the so-called initial capacity and the load factor. In the previous lectures we have been talking about the theoretical background as far as hash maps are concerned. So basically under the hood there is a simple one dimensional array. The capacity is the number of buckets in the hash table, so basically the size of the one dimensional array. And we have been talking about the load factor. The load factor is a measure of how full the hash table is allowed to get before its capacity is automatically increased. So, of course, sometimes Java is going to resize the underlying one dimensional array. The default load factor is equal to zero, that 75. So what does it mean exactly that Java is going to resize the underlying one dimensional array when it is 75% full and of course it is advisable to do so because if the underlying one dimensional array is nearly full, then of course there's going to be collisions with higher probability, which means that the data structure is going to be slower. So this is why the load factor offers a good trade off between time and space cost because of course if we use a load factor closer to zero, it means that we are going to waste a lot of memory, but there's not going to be any collisions. If the load factor is high, it means that we are not going to waste memory. So the size of the underlying one dimensional array is relatively small. But of course there's going to be more collisions, which means that the data structure is going to be slower. So the load factor offers a good trade off between time and space costs. Okay, So we are not going to change the initial value. So as far as the load factor is concerned, 0.75 is absolutely fine. What's crucial that this implementation is not synchronized, so we cannot use hash map in a multi-threaded environment. Of course we can use collections dot synchronize map, but we are going to talk about it in a later chapter. Okay, so this is how we can use a map with integer keys and string values. So what does it mean? We can use the so-called put method in order to insert a given value. So for example, we have Adam as the value and we have the integer key with value one. Okay, so this is how we can insert key value pairs accordingly. If we have, for example, the integer ID two, then three, then 40 for example, whatever. And we have for example Kevin. Then we have Anna and we have for example. Lucy Okay, so this is how we insert into the map with order one constant running time complexity if there is no collision, okay? And we can retrieve items based on keys again in order one constant running time complexity if we assume that the hash function is perfect. Okay, so what do we have to do? We can use the get. And of course we have to. Defined the key. So it is absolutely crucial that as far as hash maps are concerned, we are dealing with key value pairs. If we want to insert a given value, then we have to define a given key. If we want to get a given value, then of course we have to define the key. So for example, we would like to get the value associated with the integer one. Okay, so let's use System.out.println. Okay? And if we use something like this, as you can see, we can get the value associated with integer one. What if we would like to get the value associated with 40? It is going to be Lucy What if we would like to find the value associated with a key that's not present in the data structure? Then of course we will get null. What's absolutely crucial that we can use nulls as keys. So for example, we can insert. So map dot put. As far as null is concerned, this is null. So if we use something like this and then we get as far as null is concerned, we save and run it. Then as you can see, it is working fine. So hash maps can handle nulls as keys. But of course usually it is a good programming practice to avoid null as the key. Okay, so this is how we can insert items. This is how we can remove items. A good question is how to consider all the items as far as a hash map is concerned. I am going to comment it out. For example, we would like to consider all the items. Then we can use a for loop. So for example, we are going to consider the keys. So we have the integer key as far as the mapped key set is concerned. As you can see, this key set method is going to return a set view of the keys contained in the map. So if we use the key set something like this, then what do we have to do? We can iterate through every single item of the hash map and we can print out the map, get as far as the key is concerned. So basically, in this case, Java is going to return with every single key as far as the hash map is concerned. One, two, 340 We iterate through all of these values and we get the value associated with the given key. So we consider the integer one. So we get the value associated with the integer one. Then we have the integer two. So we get the value associated with integer two, then 340 and so on. So if we do something like this, then as you can see, it is going to work fine. What's crucial? That hash map doesn't keep the items in a sorted order, which means that we are not able to end up with the sorted order as far as hash maps are concerned. And this is the most important disadvantage of hash maps. So if we want to make sure that we store the items in the sorted order, then we will see in the coming lectures that we should use treemap instead. So this is how we can consider all the items. By the way, there are multiple ways how to get the keys and the values. So for example, we can use the map as far as the entries are concerned. So we are dealing with integer keys and we have strings as values. So we have a given entry. And what do we have to do? We have to get the entry set so we can use the entry set method that's going to return a set view of the mappings contained in this hash map. So we have entry set, which means that this entry is going to store the key value pairs one and Adam two and Cabin three and Ana, 40 and Lucy. So what do we have to do? We can print out the entry, get key plus some spacing. So we use something like this and the entry get value. So if we do something like this, then as you can see, we iterate through the data structure. As far as the key value pairs are concerned and we print them out one by one. One. Adam two Cabin three. Ana 40 Lucy So this is another way of considering all the items in the underlying data structure. What's crucial that we can remove a given item so remove items in order one constant running time complexity if there are no collisions, which means that the hash function is perfect. So this is when it has order. One constant running time complexity we can remove. And of course we have to define the given key. So for example, we can define the integer two and what's going to happen. We are going to remove two and Kevin as a key value pair from the underlying data structure. And as you can see, after removing the. And the item. It is no longer part of the HashMap. Okay. If we want to remove an item that's not present in the data structure, then of course nothing's going to happen. Okay, so this is how we can insert items. This is how we can get items, this is how we can remove items and this is how we can consider all the items in the underlying data structure. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about the so-called hashCode function and equals function. So these are crucial methods. Thanks for watching.