In this lecture, we are going to talk about the two most crucial methods as far as hash tables are concerned, the so-called hash code and equals methods. So first of all, let's create a class and then we are going to talk about how to implement these methods. So, for example, let's assume that we have a person class and we have several field variables. For example, a name, then we have an integer age parameter. Then we have the constructor of the class with a string name and an integer age parameters. So we have this dot name is equals to the name. This dot age is equals to the age and we can override the two string methods. So right click source generate two string and for example, we use the name and the age parameters and it is going to be just fine. So far, so good. We have a person class and what we can do is that we can generate two methods the hash code and the equals method. So as far as the hash code is concerned, the hash code is equals to the hash function. So in the previous lectures we have been talking about hash functions and we came to the conclusion that the hash function is going to find the valid index in the underlying one dimensional array. So if we have a given key, then we have to transform that given key into an array slot. These are called buckets as far as the underlying one dimensional array is concerned. So the hash function is going to transform the key into an array index and then we can insert the value into that given index. So the hash code is the hash function itself. Okay. So if we right click source and click on generate hash code and equals, we can define that. What are the field variables that we would like to use in these methods? Let's click on Generate and let's analyze these methods. So as you can see, the hash code is going to use, first of all, prime numbers and it is going to use all the field variables as far as age parameter and as far as the name parameters are concerned in order to generate a given integer. So this is exactly what we have been talking about, that this hash code is going to be the hash function itself. So it calculates an array index based on the key itself. And of course, in this case, the keys are equals to person objects. So it is absolutely crucial that in this case we are dealing with person classes as far as the Keys are concerned. So what does it mean exactly that if we instantiate a map as far as a person object and for example, a string is concerned, we can instantiate a new hash map, something like this, and of course we can import the java.util.map and the Java.util.hashmap. In this case, we are going to use person objects as keys and strings as values. And because we have the hashCode method, it means that whenever Java is going to convert a person object into an array index, as far as the underlying one dimensional array is concerned, it is going to call this method with the prime value, with the h parameter, with the name dot hashCode method and so on. And of course the result is going to be an integer, the array index itself. And I don't want to talk about the concrete implementation of hash methods because it is rather complicated. What's extremely crucial that we should use prime numbers. You may pose the question that, okay, why is it so crucial? Because this is how we can avoid clustering. So avoid clustering with prime numbers because of course, if there is a huge cluster in the one dimensional array, then there is a higher probability that there will be collisions. And computer scientists came to the conclusion that with the help of prime numbers, we can eliminate clustering. And if we can eliminate clustering, then we can reduce the probability of collisions. And if we can reduce the probability of collisions, then we can make sure that the final running time complexity of hash maps will be order. One constant running time complexity. If the hash function is not good, it means that there will be collisions, which means that in worst case scenario, we may end up with order and linear running time complexity, which is the same as we have seen with linked lists. So this is why usually we don't override and we don't construct a hash code. So a hash function on our own because it is quite complicated to end up with a perfect hash function. So as you can see, Java is going to use prime values. It is going to calculate the result. As far as the index is concerned with these formulas. Okay. So that's all about the hashCode method. Basically, this is the hash function that's going to calculate the index based on the key. And in this case, the key is the person class. So if we use, for example, something like this, that we have a person and we have a string and for example, we put the Adam as the string and the new person object, for example, with name Kevin and the age is equals to 23. Of course, Java in this case is not going to use the hash code as far as the person class is concerned. Why? Because of course the key is a string in this case and the person object is the value itself. So Java is going to use the hash function whenever we are dealing with keys. And another important method is the equals method. This is the standard Java implementation. So if we take a closer look at this code, it is quite obvious what's happening under the hood. Java is going to use this equals method to decide whether two objects are the same or not. As you can see, if this that references the person object itself. So the actual object is the same as the other object. It means that we return true because the two objects are the same. So this is how Java is going to check whether two person objects are the same or not. And you may pose the question why is it crucial? Because in a hash map it may happen because of collisions that we have to find the item, in this case a person object in a linked list. This is what we have been talking about, that in worst case scenario, in case of a collision, there may be several items linked together in a linked list manner. So in this case, this Java is going to use the equals method in order to find the item it is looking for. So this is why the hash code method and the equals method are extremely crucial. There are some rules and connections between the hash code method and the equals method. So the first principle is that if two objects are equal, then they must have the same hash code value. So it is absolutely crucial that if two person objects are the same, then it is guaranteed that they have the same hash code value. And of course there is another principle. So this is the second principle. The second principle states that there is no so-called equivalence relationship between equals and hashCode, which means that if two objects have the same hash code, it may happen that the equals method returns false, which means that they are not equal. So it is absolutely crucial that if two objects are equal, then they must share the same hash code. But if two objects have the same hash code value, they may not be equal. So it may happen that two different objects share the same hash function value or hash code value. Okay, so that's all about the hash code and equals methods and the relationship between the two methods. If you are interested in the concrete implementation of hash tables. So how to implement a hash table from scratch, how to implement hash functions from scratch. Then I suggest checking my courses on algorithms and data structures. Thanks for watching.