In this lecture, we are going to talk about linked hash maps, but to be able to understand why the Java collections framework included linked hash map as a data structure, let's talk a bit about hash maps. So we have been talking about in the previous lectures that for example, we can create something like this so we can store key value pairs in a map string as keys, integers as values. So we have something like this as a standard hash map and we are going to insert several items. So first of all, let's import java.util.map and java.util.hashmap. So let's insert several items with the help of the put method. So we have the put method and we insert, for example, characters. We have a for example, the integer is equals to one and this is what we are going to do. I am going to insert multiple items to make sure that the difference is going to be obvious. So we have A, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, and J, for example. And we have the values one, two, three and four, five. Then we have six, then seven, eight, nine and ten. If we use hash maps, then the order is not guaranteed. So what does it mean that the result is going to be approximately random? Because under the hood Java is not going to maintain any order as far as hash maps are concerned. So if we consider all the items so we have the string keys. As far as the map dot, I guess key set, yeah, we have a method key set. And what do we have to do? We just have to print out System.out.println. As far as the key is concerned, then we have something like this. So some spacing and we get a value based on the given key. So what's going to happen if we save and run the application? Then? As you can see so far, it is ordered. So let's make sure that we insert multiple characters as far as the Keys are concerned, because maybe it is too easy for Java to generate the hash values. Okay. So if we use something like this, we save and rerun the application. Then as you can see, it is not ordered. We have Abcd and here we have a, C, B, D, g, f, so the result is not ordered. But if we use a linked hash map, so if we use a linked hash map under the hood, which means that first of all we have to import java.util linked hash map and in this case there is a doubly linked list connecting the inserted items, which means that we can track the order in which we have inserted the given items. And if we save and rerun the application, then as you can see, Java is going to preserve the order of insertion. So this is the main advantage and basically the only advantage of linked hash maps over standard hash maps is that linked hash maps preserve the order of insertion. So if it is crucial to preserve the order in which we insert the given items, then we have no other option but to use linked hash maps. Of course, if we want to make sure that we store the items in a sorted order, then we have to use three maps. And this is why we are going to talk about three maps in the coming lectures. So this is the crucial difference between standard hash maps and linked hash maps that linked hash map uses a doubly linked list connecting all the inserted items in the underlying data structure in order to preserve the order in which we have inserted the items. And because linked hash map uses a doubly linked list. In addition, this is why linked hash maps need more memory than standard hash tables. So use linked hash maps if it is necessary. If you don't need the doubly linked list feature, which means that you don't need to preserve the order in which you insert the items, then of course, the standard hash map is better because it needs less memory. So first of all, linked hash map preserves the order in which we insert the given items. And the second feature is that because of the underlying doubly linked list, it needs more memory than standard hash maps. That's all about linked hash maps. Thanks for watching.