In the coming few lectures, we are going to talk about three data structures. So to be able to fully understand what's happening under the hood when using treemap or tree set first, we have to understand red black trees. But in order to be able to understand red black trees, first we have to talk about binary search trees. So in this lecture, I'm going to summarize the most crucial principles as far as binary search trees are concerned. Of course, it is just going to be a brief introduction. So far we have been talking about arrays and linked lists and we came to the conclusion that we can manipulate some part of the data structure quite efficiently with order one constant running time complexity. But searching for an arbitrary item takes order and linear running time complexity. And the question is that is it possible to do better than linear running time complexity? Of course, the idea behind tree like structure has something to do with the sorted order. So what if the underlying array data structure is sorted? In this case, we can search for a given item with the help of binary search or logarithmic search in order log n logarithmic running time complexity, which is of course faster than linear running time complexity. So again, the solution is that if we store the items in a sorted order, then we can do better than linear running time complexity. And this is the concept behind binary search trees. So a binary search tree is like this. Every single node in the tree can have at most two children a left child and a right child. The left child is smaller than the given node. The right child is greater than the parent node and we have access to the root node exclusively. But anyways, this is just an implementation related detail. So as you can see, if we consider this binary search tree binary because every single node may have two children, as you can see, every single node is greater than its children and the left child is always smaller, the right child is always greater than the actual node. So the left subtree contains smaller items. The right subtree contains larger items. A good question is how to construct a binary search tree. So, for example, if we want to insert 12, then of course it is the first item. So this is going to be the so-called root node. So this is the starting node of the binary search tree. Then if we have, for example, the value four we would like to insert, then we have to start with the root node and we have to compare the items. If the value we would like to insert is smaller than the actual node, then we have to consider the left subtree. Otherwise we have to consider the right subtree. So four is smaller than 12, so we have to consider the left subtree. But because there is no left child, we have to create a new left child with value. Four okay, then if we insert eight then again we start with the root node. Eight is smaller than 12, so we keep going to the left. Eight is larger than four. But because four doesn't have a right child, we have to create a new node with value. Eight okay, what about 20? Of course we have to start with the root node. 20 is larger than 12, so it is going to be the right child of 12. Then we insert, for example, 27. We start with the root node. 27 is larger than 12. We consider the right child, 27 is larger than 20. So we consider the right child. But because the right child is a null, we create a new node with value. 27. If we want to insert 16, we start with the root node. It is larger than 12, so we keep going to the right. It is smaller than 20, so we keep going to the left. But because there is no left child, we create a left child with value. 16 If we want to insert one, it is smaller than 12. We go to the left. It is smaller than four. We go to the left. But because there is no left child, we create a new node with value one. So as you can see, this is how we can construct a binary search tree, which means that we are going to store these values in a sorted order. You may pose the question that, okay, why is it sorted? Of course, because all the items that are smaller than the root node are located in the left subtree and all the items that are greater than the root node are located in the right subtree. And this principle is true when we consider the subtrees as well. So for example, one is smaller than four, eight is greater than four, 16 is smaller than 20, 27 is greater than 20. You may pose the question that, okay, why is it good to have a binary search tree like this? Because of course, if we want to find the given item, for example, value eight, we have no other option but to start with the root. And we have to compare the value we are looking for with the value of the actual node because eight is smaller than 12. We have to go to the left. And what does it mean? In every single iteration we can discard half of the data set, which means that this is how we can end up with logarithmic running time complexity. This is exactly why the final running time complexity is based two logarithm because in every single iteration we keep discarding half of the original data set. So it is very, very similar to binary search. So if we are looking for eight and we have the value four as far as the actual node is concerned, of course eight is larger than four. So we have managed to find the item we are looking for with the help of two iterations. Hence we can come to the conclusion that logarithmic running time complexity is extremely fast. So far so good. We know that binary search trees are working fine, but unfortunately there is a huge problem with this concept. Let's take a look at a concrete example. We would like to insert 12. Okay, This is the first item. It is going to be the root node of the binary search tree. What if we would like to insert four? It is smaller than the root node, so it is going to be the left child of the root node. If we want to insert three, it is smaller than 12. We keep going to the left. It is smaller than four, so it is going to be the left child of four. What if we would like to insert two? Of course we start with the root node. Two is smaller than 12, so we keep going to the left, two is smaller than four, we go to the left, two is smaller than three. So we insert it to be the left child of three. You may come to the conclusion that, okay, it is not going to work fine because we have ended up with a linked list. What if we would like to find an arbitrary item in a linked list? It has order and linear running time complexity. So this is the main problem with binary search trees that they have the tendency to become imbalanced, which means that either the left subtree or the right subtree contains way more items than the other. Are there any solutions to deal with this imbalance situations? Of course, these operations are called rotations and this is what we call balanced binary search trees. There are two balanced binary search trees, AVL trees and red black trees. Java relies heavily on red black trees. So we are going to talk a bit about red black trees. These are the concrete data structures behind tree maps and tree sets. So it is absolutely crucial to talk about tree like structures. These data structures were invented back in 1978 by Robert Sedgewick and his colleague. This is a balanced binary search tree, which means that it has a guaranteed logarithmic running time complexity. No matter we are dealing with the average case scenario or the worst case scenario. Red black trees have ordered log n logarithmic running time complexity for insertion removal and search operations. This is exactly why we like balanced binary trees. Okay, so what? What's crucial that in a red black tree every single node has a given property, the so-called color. Every single node in the binary search tree can be black or red, and every single path from the root node to a null pointer contains the same number of black nodes. So as you can see, for example, if we consider the root node 13 and for example, the right child of 27, we have one black node, two black node, three black nodes with the null pointers. As far as red black trees are concerned, the null pointers have the color black. And as you can see, as far as, for example, this path is concerned, we have one black color, two black color, three black colors. So there are the same number of black nodes from the root node to any other leaf node in the red black tree. And what's crucial that we can make sure that the binary search tree is not going to be imbalanced is that we have to make rotations like this. Sometimes we have to make a right rotation, which means that we have to rotate the nodes and the subtrees of the tree like structure like this in order to make sure that the left subtree and the right subtree of every single node contain approximately the same number of nodes. This is how we make sure that the binary search tree will be balanced. And why is it good? Because if we have a balanced binary search tree, then the logarithmic running time complexity is guaranteed. So either we have to make a right rotation like you can see on this animation, or sometimes you have to make a left rotation in order to make sure that the binary search tree will become balanced. I'm not going to talk about the implementation related details, how to decide whether to make a left rotation or a right rotation, how to update the. The colors of the given nodes in a red black tree was crucial that it is a balanced binary search tree, which means that with the help of these kinds of rotations, we can make sure that the tree like structure will remain balanced. And if the tree like structure is balanced, this is when the logarithmic running time complexity can be guaranteed. So we can make sure that all of the operations of the data structure will have order log and logarithmic running time complexity. And it is going to be crucial because tree map in the Java Collections framework uses red black Tree as the underlying data structure. And finally, let's take a look at a concrete example how red black trees work. So we would like to insert one. It is going to be the root node of the red black tree. Then if we insert two, then we have to do exactly the same as we have seen with binary search trees. So two is larger than one. So it is going to be the right child of the root node. Okay. Then if we insert three, we have to go to the right and we have to insert three as the right child of two. But of course this tree like structure is imbalanced because the right subtree contains more items than the left subtree of the root node. So the left subtree is empty. The right subtree contains two items, so there must be a rotation and some recoloring as well. I don't want to talk about the implementation related details. We have to make rotations or recoloring operations in order to make the tree like structure balanced. Okay. Then if we insert four, we have to start with the root node. It is larger than two, it is larger than three, so it's going to be the right child of three. Then we need to make some recoloring After that, if we want to insert five, it is larger than two. It is larger than three. It is larger than four. So it's going to be the right child of four. We have to make some rotations and some recoloring. So this is how we can make the tree like structure balanced with the help of rotations and with the help of Recoloring. And why is it good? Because if the tree like structure is balanced, then the running time complexity is logarithmic. So in the next lecture we are going to talk about tree maps. Thanks for watching.