In the previous lecture we have been talking about binary search trees and red black trees. And in this lecture we are going to talk about the Jarvis collection built in Treemap data structure that uses a red black tree under the hood. So we are going to use the treemap that implements the sorted map interface. And the sorted map extends the map interface, which means, of course, that tree map is a map as well. Okay, So we can use map and for example, just for demonstration purposes, we are going to have integer keys and string values. So again, it is absolutely crucial that we are dealing with key value pairs. The key is going to be an integer that identifies a given string value. So this is the map that is equals to a new tree map. And we use something like this. We have to import the java.util.map and we have to import the java.util.map. So as you can see, it is working fine. We can check the documentation at oracle.com as usual. So as you can see, we can store key value pairs. The tree map class implements the serializable interface, the Clonable interface, the map interface, the sorted map interface, the navigable map interface. And as you can see, it is a red black tree implementation under the hood. So there is a balanced binary search tree under the hood and not a standard one dimensional array. And the hash function, as we have discussed with hash maps and linked hash maps. So it is absolutely crucial that because it uses a red black tree, the map is sorted according to the natural ordering of its keys. And basically this is one of the key advantages of treemap that we can store the keys in a sorted order. Okay. So let's take a look at a concrete example. For example, we are going to put the integer ten and for example, we have the string ten as far as the value is concerned. So I am going to insert several items. We have, for example, three, then five, then we have one and finally we have eight. So we have three. Then we have five, then we have one and then we have eight. So as far as hash maps are concerned, the order of the items cannot be guaranteed here because we are dealing with three map. The items are stored in a sorted order based on the keys. So if we iterate through the items, so for and we have the mapped entry here, we are dealing with integer keys and we have string as values. So we have the entry is equals to the map dot entry set. What do we have to do? We have to print out. So System.out.println as far as the entry get key is concerned, and then we can use some spacing. So something like this and we print out the entry dot get value. So if we do something like this, we save and run the application. Then as you can see, three maps stores, the items in the sorted order as far as the keys are concerned, one, three, five, eight and ten. Sorry for that. We have one here just to be self-consistent. So the items are stored in a sorted order based on the keys. Of course it is an ascending order. You may pose the question what to do? If we want to make sure that the order is descending, then we have to define the comparator. We are going to talk about comparators and comparables in one of the coming chapters and it is going to be clear what's crucial that we can define something like this as far as reverse order is concerned. And of course, in this case the Treemap is going to contain the items in the sorted order. In descending order, as you can see, ten, eight, five, three and one. Okay. So what's extremely crucial that under the hood there is a balanced binary search tree. So we store the items in a sorted order and all the operations have order log and logarithmic running time complexity. I am not sure whether it is clear or not, but the logarithmic running time complexity is larger than constant running time complexity. So the constant running time complexity of hash tables with perfect hash functions are faster than the running time complexity of balanced binary search trees such as red black trees. Then why to use tree map? First of all, because it keeps the items in a sorted order. Sometimes it is a huge advantage and because it is deterministic. So all the operations have guaranteed logarithmic running time complexity, while on the other hand, if the hash map related hash function is not perfect, then it may happen that we end up with order and linear running time complexity that is way slower than red black trees. Related order log n. So this is why hash maps are. Not that deterministic. Sometimes they are working fine, sometimes they don't. But anyways, usually hash functions related hash map is faster than ordo Logan. Okay, so this is how we can store the items in the sorted order. What's crucial that we can get the largest and the smallest items so we can print out largest key is equals to the map. So if we use the last key, then of course Java is not going to find this method because we use a map interface. So let's use a tree map instead of the map. And in this case, as you can see, the last key is going to be the smallest item in this case. So the smallest key and we print out the key itself. The smallest key is equals to one. Of course we can get the largest key. So we have largest key is equals to the first key because we are dealing with reverse order. So if we save and rerun the application, the smallest key is equals to one, the largest keys equals to ten. So as you can see, it is working fine and all of these operations have order log n logarithmic running time complexity. If we want to find the smallest item, the largest item, these operations as well takes order, log and logarithmic running time complexity. Of course, if we are dealing with strings as far as the keys are concerned and for example, integers. So quite on the contrary, we have string and we have integers, for example, we have the atom and we have the value ten. Then we have Kevin, then we have for example Anna then we have for example. Daniel then we have for example. Katie And of course we have to define values. For example, 56, for example, 21 and for example, ten if we use something like this, then of course Treemap is going to store the strings in a sorted order as far as descending order is concerned. So as you can see, the smallest item is Adam. The largest value is Kevin. So as far as the alphabetical order is concerned, it is Kevin, Katie, Daniel, Anna and Adam because it is the descending order. If we do not use this comparator reversed order, then of course we end up with ascending order. Adam, Anna, Daniel, Katie, and Kevin. So what's crucial that under the hood we are using a balanced binary search tree. This is how we can store the items in a sorted order. And this is how we can achieve guaranteed logarithmic running time complexity for all of the operations. Thanks for watching.