In the previous lectures we have been talking about hash maps. We have been talking about linked hash maps. We have been talking about how to represent the item in a one dimensional array, how to use hash functions, how to use binary search trees and red black trees in order to store the items in a tree map. And in this lecture, we are going to compare these approaches one by one. So as far as hash maps and linked hash maps are concerned, they are very similar to each other in the sense that both of these data structures rely heavily on a one dimensional array and the hash function. So they use the hash function in order to generate an array index based on the key in the underlying one dimensional array to be able to store the value associated with that given key. Because of course when dealing with maps, we are going to store key value pairs. And this is why the average case running time is order one. So constant running time complexity for hash function based approaches such as hash map and linked hash map, but it may be reduced to linear running time complexity because of collisions. By the way, linked hash map uses doubly linked list data structure in addition to maintain insertion order. On the other hand, tree map uses balanced binary search trees, the so-called red black trees In order to store the items in a tree like structure. There are no collisions, of course, because there is no hash function at all. So we are going to store the item and all the operations have log logarithmic running time complexity. Let's talk a bit about the worst case scenario as far as hash maps are concerned. So we have been talking about the chaining operation when we stored the items in the same bucket with the same index in a linked list data structure. So if there is a collision, which means that we have to store multiple items in a single array slot with a single index, then of course we can use a linked list data structure. So this is exactly why in the worst case it may happen that all the items of the data structure will be stored in a single array slot. So basically we end up with a linked list. And of course, if we want to search an arbitrary item in a linked list, we have no other option but to consider all the items in linear running time complexity. And this is why Java changed its strategy to handle collisions and instead of chaining, it transforms the items into a red black tree, which means that hash maps and linked hash maps have auto log n logarithmic running time complexity in worst case scenario, because of course, if all the items are associated with a single array slot, which means basically that we store all the items in a red black tree and we are looking for an arbitrary item, then of course we end up with logarithmic running time complexity because red black trees are balanced, binary search trees. Hence all the operations have auto log and logarithmic running time complexity. So what's extremely crucial that in previous implementations in the collections framework, the worst case scenario for hash maps and linked hash maps were although n But after this minor update, this worst case running time complexity is no longer order n. It has been updated to order log n logarithmic running time complexity because instead of a linked list, we are going to end up with a balanced binary search tree, a red black tree to be more precise in worst case scenario. Okay, so let's compare hash maps and linked hash maps with tree maps. Of course, hash maps and linked hash maps are very, very similar to each other. So the crucial difference is in between one dimensional array and hash function representation and binary tree like representation. So as far as hash maps and linked hash maps are concerned, they use arrays and hash functions under the hood while tree map uses balanced binary search trees. And this is why the first crucial difference is that tree map maintains order so we can sort the items in the underlying tree map data structure, while on the other hand, we cannot do it with hash map and linked hash map easily we can achieve although one constant running time complexity, while on the other hand, with tree map we can achieve guaranteed logarithmic running time complexity. Of course, constant running time complexity is way faster and this is a typical case of running time and memory tradeoff. Hash maps need more memory, but they are faster. So it is absolutely crucial that in the worst case scenario, hash map running time will reduce to logarithmic running time complexity. So this is what we have been talking about, that it used to be the case that there has been linked lists, but after the minor update, Java is going to build a red black tree if the number of items exceed a given threshold. Okay, So this is why the worst case running time complexity is logarithmic. What's crucial that we can store null keys as well in. Hashmaps and linked Hashmaps. But of course this is not possible with Treemaps. Of course, with Treemap we don't have to tune any parameters, so we just have to store the items and that's all. As far as hashmaps and linked hashmaps are concerned. We have to deal with the load factor which is n divided by M, where n is the number of actual items in the array and M is the size of the array because of course the hash function is not going to work fine if the underlying one dimensional array is nearly full. And basically this is the reason why we need more memory when dealing with hash maps or linked hash maps, because of course we have to make sure that the array is going to be larger. Usually we are dealing with a load factor 0.75. What does it mean? This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures. If the load factor is 0.75, it means that Java is going to resize the underlying one dimensional array if it is 75% full. So more than 75% of the underlying one dimensional arrays buckets are occupied. This is why hashing based approaches needs more memory. Because of course if the size of the underlying array is the same as the number of items we would like to store, then there's going to be several collisions. And if there are several collisions, then of course the hash map or the linked hash map is not going to be as fast as possible. So if we want to make sure that this hash function based approaches are fast, then we have to use more memory and we have to make sure that we are going to use a larger one dimensional array than needed. So these are the fundamental differences between hash function related approaches and binary search tree related approaches. What's crucial that usually we use hash maps and linked hash maps despite the fact that they need more memory because in the 21st century, memory is quite cheap. So we would like to achieve fast approaches. It is not that crucial if we have to use a bit more memory. Okay, so that's all about maps. Thanks for watching.