In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to sort an underlying data structure in ascending and descending order. So first of all, what's crucial that Java uses the quicksort approach in order to sort primitive types such as integers such as floating point numbers and so on. And it uses the merge sort algorithm in order to sort reference types such as, for example, integer objects such as strings or custom objects, whatever. So these are the two basic approaches under the hood. All of these approaches are extremely powerful, which means that they have order n log n linearithmic. Running time complexity. These are the state of the art sorting approaches. Merge sort has a guaranteed linearithmic sordo n log n running time complexity. While quicksort in the worst case scenario can end up with quadratic running time complexity, so order and squared. But on average, quicksort is the fastest sorting algorithm possible. So we can use the arrays dot sort method. So there is a sort method by the way we can use parallel sort as well. But in this lecture we are going to focus on the standard sort method that's going to sort the specified array into ascending numerical order. So first of all let's create a one dimensional array of integers. These are going to be the numbers. So we have for example one then ten five two minus five 1214 zero one and two. Again okay so these are the integers we would like to sort. And what we have to do we have to call the arrays dot sort method okay. And we have to define the one dimensional array of integers. And Java is going to use quicksort with linearithmic running time complexity. In order to sort this one dimensional array of integers. And what do we have to do? Of course, after the sorting operation we consider all the integers in the array, and we print out the integer values one by one. So if we save and run it, then as you can see, we can sort the items. Maybe instead of new line we just use the system.out.print and we use some spacing like this. So if we save and rerun the application then as you can see we get the sorted order. And this is the ascending order minus five zero, one, one, two, two, five, ten, 12 and 14. What's crucial is that if we are after the descending order, we are not able to use the collections. So if we try to use the collections that reverse order, there's going to be a compile time error. So we are not able to do something like this. What we can do, of course, is that we sort the underlying one dimensional array in ascending order, and then we iterate through the items in reverse order. So what do we have to do? Integer I is equals to the nums dot length. Then we have the I is greater or equals to zero. And then I minus minus. So we keep decrementing the value of the index. And we use the nums with integer index I. So if we use something like this and we rerun the application. Oh sorry for that. We have to start with nums dot length and minus one because indices starts with zero. So if we use something like this as you can see we end up with the descending order. We have 14. We have 12, ten, five two, 2110 and minus five. Okay. So what's crucial that arrays dot sort is going to sort the underlying one dimensional array in ascending order. If we are after the descending order, we have no other option but to consider the items in a reversed order. What if we have a one dimensional array of strings? For example, we have the names. It is equals to Kevin. Then we have Daniel, then we have Katie, then we have Anna And then we have Adam. So these are the names we would like to sort. Then we just have to use this one dimensional array of strings as the input for arrays dot sort. And in this case we are going to end up with the alphabetical order. So of course here we have to define the names. And of course we have to make sure that we start with the names dot length minus one. As you can see this is the alphabetical order in descending order. So Kevin, Katie, Joe, Daniel, Anna and Adam. Of course, if we want to end up with ascending order, then we just have to consider the name in the names string array. And here we have to use the name. And if we save and rerun the application then as you can see this is the ascending order. Adam and Daniel. Joe, Katie and Kevin. So this is how we can sort one dimensional array of primitive types or reference types. Because this is a reference type with the help of arrays dot sort. So that's all about sorting arrays. Thanks for watching.