In the previous lecture, we have been talking about how to sort an underlying one dimensional array. In this lecture we are going to talk about how to sort collections. So first of all let's talk about the collections class. It is crucial not to confuse the collection interface with the collections class. So collection is an interface that is the parent of lists queues and sets. So this is the collection interface we have been talking about in the previous lectures. And then we have the collections classes. You can see this class consists exclusively of static methods that operate on or return collections. It contains polymorphic algorithms that operate on given collections. By the way, we are going to talk about the collections class in the next chapter. But anyways, there are several crucial methods. For example, we can use binary search. This is how we can find an item in a sorted underlying data structure. In order log and logarithmic running time complexity, we are able to transform the Unsynchronized collections and maps into synchronized data structures. So as you can see, we have the synchronized collection, synchronized lists, synchronized map, and so on. If we want to make sure that the underlying collection is not going to be modified, then we have the so-called Unmodifiable collection method. Unmodifiable list, Unmodifiable map, and so on. We are going to talk about it in one of the coming lectures. What's crucial that we can use the Sort method. And this is exactly what we are going to do, because this is how we can sort collections. In this case, we are not going to handle one dimensional arrays, but we are going to handle collections such as, for example, a list of strings. So this is the list is equals to a new array list. So if we have something like this then of course we have to import the java.util.list. And first of all we have to insert. We consider all the integers in the array as usual. Then we have other names. So let's try to sort for example Joe for example Katie for example we have Anna and we can use the collections dot sort method. And as you can see if we define the list itself then it is going to sort the underlying list in ascending order. So if we print out so System.out.println. As far as the list is concerned we save and run the algorithm. Then as you can see we end up with the sorted order in ascending order. Adam and Joe and Katie. What's crucial that here when dealing with collections we can specify reversed order. So we just have to define the collections dot reverse order. And if we save and run it, then as you can see we end up with the descending order Katie, Joe, Anna and Adam. So this is how we can sort collections with the help of the Collections.sort method. And of course, if we are storing integers then it is going to work just fine. So we have ten. We have for example five, we have two, then we have 20. Sorry for that integer. So if we use something like this then we end up with the descending order 2010 five and two. What's crucial that with the help of the Collections.sort method, we can sort list interfaces exclusively. So as you can see, this Collections.sort method is waiting for a list interface. Okay. And of course we can define the comparator as well. So for example we are not able to use it with queues. If we have a queue and we instantiate it as a new linked list. First of all we have to import the Java.util queue and the Java.util dot link list. If we use something like this, then we are not able to use sort method. Of course, if we instantiate the linked list as a list, then again it is going to work just fine. So in this case we are able to sort a linked list if it implements the list interface and not the queue interface. Okay, so this is how we can sort lists. In the next lecture we are going to talk about the comparable interface and the comparator class. Because so far we know how to sort primitive types and how to sort integers, strings and so on. But what if we have a custom object? For example, we create a person class with several field variables. Then how to sort a collection of custom objects based on a given field variable. And this is exactly why we have to use the comparable and comparator interfaces. Thanks for watching.