Hi. In this video we are going to talk about how to sort custom objects and how to use the comparable interface and the comparator class. So let's suppose the fact that we have a custom objects, for example, a book I'm going to create a class book with, for example, private string name, author name, private string title and for example, private integer number of pages. Okay, I think there's a typo. Okay, so we have the name of the author. We have the title and the number of pages. I'm going to create a default constructor without any argument. Okay. Then I'm going to override the two string method and I'm going to return with this dot author name plus some spacing, for example, like this, this dot title, plus some spacing. And this the number of pages I'm going to generate the constructor. So source generate constructor using fields. I'm going to get rid of this super method call and I'm going to generate getters and setters for the author for the number of pages and for the title Ctrl shift F to auto format and Let's save it. It's going to be your book. And in the sorting class, we would like to create a list of book. For example, it's going to have the name books. I'm going to instantiate it as a new array list and I would like to insert some books. So new book with the name Albert Camus, for example, Title one, whatever, Pages 223. I would like to insert more books into the book array list. So for example, Heidegger being and Time or something like this, number of pages, for example, 891 then I'm going to create a book, for example. Michio Kaku. He is a famous physicist. Whatever. For example, Quantum. Physics with the number of pages 34 and we would like to sort it. Okay. You may have the intuition that we just have to call this sort method and we just have to specify the books. ArrayList But basically Java is going to take a look at this book class and it's not going to know that. Okay, I would like to sort it according to the author name, according to the title or according to the number of pages, and we have to specify it. So I think that the error message is going to be something like this. Okay. Because we have to cost it. I think that we have to implement the comparable interface, but we can use the comparator as well. So let's take a look at the first solution that we have to implement the comparable interface because we would like to make sure that we are going to compare two book objects. And here in the compare two method, we are able to define that according to what we would like to compare the books. It's going to be another book and we are going to return with the this dot author name, for example, Dot compare to other book get author name. And if we do something like this, as you can see, the error message has gone. We are going to sort or collection according to the author name. So if we print out the books after the sorting operation, it's going to be sorted according to the first parameter. So basically the author name. Okay, I would like to add some more books in order to make sure that it's working fine. For example, it's going to have the name Z with Title three, for example. Then it's going to be sorted as you can see, it's going to be the alphabetical ordering. According to the author name. We would like to sort the books as far as the title is concerned. So we just have to make sure that we compare the title. So instead of getting the author, we get the title. Okay, if I save it and we go back to sorting and if we run our application again, it's going to be sorted according to the second parameter, which is the title being and Time Quantum physics Title one and Title three. Okay. We are able to sort or books according to the number of pages, so we just have to get rid of this and basically we have to call the integer dot compare and we have to compare this dot number of pages with the other book dot get number of pages. It's going to return an integer. By the way, if it is smaller than one, it means that we have the other book and this book. And if this book is smaller than the other book, then minus one is going to be returned. If the two books are equal to each other, then zero is going to be returned. And anyways, a number that's greater than zero will be returned. If you hover your mouse over this, it's going to tell the same that yeah, it can return minus one zero or plus one according to whether the value of expression is -0 or positive. So if we run this application again, it's going to be sorted according to the number of pages 33, 34, 223 891. It's going to be in ascending order. And if we want to reverse the order, I mean, if we want to sort it in descending order instead of ascending order, the first solution, which is not that consistent. So we should avoid something like this. It's going to work fine for most of the times, but sometimes it's not going to work. So that's why if I run it, it's going to be in ascending order. But this solution is not consistent. So instead of this, we have to use something like if the this number of pages is greater than the other book. Dot get number of pages. Then we have to return plus one. If this dot number of pages is equal to the order book dot get number of pages, then we have to return zero and else we have to return negative one. I think it's going to work just fine. I'm going to get rid of this and if I save it and if we run it, it's going to be sorted according to the number of pages. In this case, it's going to be sorted in ascending order. If we want to make it descending order, we have to do something like this. And as you can see, it's going to work fine all of the times. So if I run this application again, yeah, it's going to be in descending order. So we are able to use this. It's going to be much more consistent. We should avoid what we use at the beginning with the negative sign. So sorry for that. I would like yeah, it's going to work fine for most of the cases, but sometimes it's not working. So this is not a consistent use of sorting in descending order. In the next video, we are going to talk about the comparator clause. Thanks for watching.