Hi. In this video we are going to talk about a bit more elegant solution for the sorting operation. We have the book Widow, the comparable Interface and without the overridden Compareto method and we are able to create a class, it's going to be the book comparator. This book comparator is going to implement the comparator interface, by the way, sorry for that. I guess that I have said that the comparator is a class. Sorry for that. This is not true. As you can see, this comparator is an interface as well such as comparable. So this comparator and we have to define that for what we are going to use it and we have to add the unimplemented methods. Basically we are going to compare two book objects, book one and book two. I'm going to rename it, for example, B1 and B2. And again, we are able to define that. For example, I'm going to return with the integer dot compare to B1 dot get number of pages, b2 dot get number of pages and it's going to be the same as we have seen. Sorry for that. I'm missing a semicolon. It's going to be the same when we use the comparable interface on the book class. So here we use the comparable interface and we have compared to book objects inside the book class here, we are able to extract this behavior inside the book comparator and sometimes it is said to be a bit more elegant. So again, we are not going to be able to use the Collections.sort because the book class does not implement the comparable interface, but we are able to define a comparator. So we just have to instantiate a new book comparator here and it's going to be just fine. As you can see, it's going to be sorted according to the number of pages because this is how we define in the book comparator. Again, we are able to use this integer compare. And I think that if we want to reverse the ordering, we just have to say that reversed and it's going to be a better solution than adding a negative sign here. Okay. So it's going to be much more consistent to use the reverse. And if we use this reverse, it's going to be sorted according to the number of pages. But instead of ascending order, it's going to be in descending order. Then, for example, I would like to sort, according to the author name, then we can say that b1 dot get author name dot compare to be two dot get author name. And it means that we would like to sort books according to the name of the author. So if I say something like this, it's going to be sorted according to the author name. But in descending order, because we have called this reverse method at the end. Okay, I think that it's going to work fine for ascending order. Arber Kamu Heidegger, Michio Kaku and Z. Okay, it's going to be the alphabetical ordering. So this is how we use comparator. As far as I am concerned, it is a bit better solution because we separate the comparator and the behavior that was going to be the determining factor when sorting the list of books. It is a bit better than storing this information in the same class where we store the basic data concerning the book, such as the author name, title and the number of pages. Because we are able to create as many comparator as we want. For example, we create a book comparator, a second version of this book comparator where we want to sort the books, for example, according to the length of the author name. So how many characters do these author names contain? It could be a determining factor. So that's why it is a good programming practice to separate the behavior or the given algorithm from the given clause. And this is why this comparator is good. We just have to implement the comparator interface. We have to specify that what objects we want to compare and we have to define the algorithm itself. And it's quite easy because you just have to tell Java when we call the Collections.sort that we would like to sort the books. Okay, according to what we would like to sort the books, according to the author name. According to the title, according to the number. Rough pages and the comparator is going to tell that according to what we would like to store the books. This is how we use comparator. Thanks for watching.