So far we have been talking about how to sort one dimensional arrays, how to sort collections. And in this lecture we are going to talk about lambda expressions. And we will come to the conclusion that with the help of lambda expressions, we can solve these problems in an extremely convenient manner. So I'm going to create a person class. So let's create a class person. And we are going to create several field variables. For example we will have a string name. And of course every single person has an age parameter. Then in the public constructor we have a string name and we have an integer h parameter. So we set the name to be equals to the name. And we set the age to be equals to the age. And then let's create the getters and setters. So right click source generate getters and setters for the age and for the name parameters. And what's crucial that we don't have to implement the comparable interface with the Compareto method. We don't have to define a A comparator because we are going to use lambda expressions. So it is going to be absolutely fine. I am going to create a list of person as a new array list. Okay. So let's use something like this. First of all we have to import Java.util.list and of course Java.util.arraylist solely for that there is a typo. So people let's insert so odd new person with name Adam. The age is 33 and I am going to copy and paste it several times. So we are going to insert several persons. For example Joe with age 12. Then we have Michael with age parameter 25. Then we have Anna with age parameter 27. Then we have for example Katie with age parameter 78. Then we have, for example Kevin with age parameter 45. So this is the data set we are going to handle. And just for demonstration purposes I am going to iterate through this people array list data structure and let's print out. So system.out.print as far as the person getname is concerned, plus some spacing. So we use something like this and then we get the age of the given person. So if we use something like this we save and run it. Then as you can see these are the person objects we are considering Adam, Joe, Michael and Katie and Kevin. Sorry for that. There's a typo. So we have Kevin like this. Of course, if we want to sort this underlying data structure, then in the previous lectures we have been talking about the comparator. We have been talking about the comparable interface, but there is no need to do so because of lambda expressions. So we can use collections dot sort. But of course if we do something like this, then of course there's going to be a compile time error because Java doesn't know how to compare the given person objects. So as you can see, the method sought in the type collection is not applicable for the arguments list person, but we can define a so-called comparator and we can compare. And here we can define what to compare. We would like to use the person class related Getname method. So we just have to import the Java.util.date comparator. And of course sorry for that. Not compare but comparing. So if we use something like this then it is going to work just fine. If we rerun the application then as you can see, we ended up with the sorted order based on the name field variable of the person class. Adam and Joe, Katie, Kevin and Michael. So let's talk a bit about this comparator. In the previous lectures we had to define the comparator from scratch. We had to tell Java that okay, we are going to compare person objects based on the first parameter that are the person names. Here we can do it with the help of lambda expressions. So we are going to use a The comparator based on the Getname method of the person class. What does it mean exactly that Java is going to look for a Getname method? And because the Getname returns the name field variable as far as the person object is concerned. This is why Java is going to sort the items based on the name parameters, and this is why we will end up with Anna, Adam, Jo, Katie, Kevin and Michael. Of course, if we define the get parameter then it is going to work just fine. The items are going to be sorted based on the h parameter 12, 25, 27, 33, 45 and 78. Of course, you may pose the question that what if we are looking for the reverse order? We just have to call the reverse method, and if we save and rerun the application, then it is the descending order. And what's extremely powerful that we can sort custom objects based on multiple parameters. So here we compare based on the get name. And then we can call the Zen comparing and we can define for example, the get age. So if we use something like this, then what's going to happen. Java is going to sort the person objects based on the get name parameter. And if the names are matching, then Java is going to sort the same names based on the age parameters. So for example, we insert multiple atoms with different age parameters. If we use something like this and we do not use the then comparing method, then what's going to happen. So if we use something like this, then we are going to end up with the sorted order in descending order. But as you can see, the people with the same name are not going to be sorted based on the second parameter. As far as the age is concerned, we have 33, then we have 12 and we have 34. So this order is the insertion order. So what if we would like to sort the person based on the names. And if they share the same name then we would like to sort them based on the h parameter. This is why it is crucial to use the so-called comparing. And now we can use the get age and it is going to work just fine. If we save and rerun the algorithm. Then as you can see the person objects are sorted based on the name. So Kevin, Katie, Joanna, Adam, Adam and Adam this is the reversed order. So descending order. Of course if we remove the reverse then it is going to be the ascending order. Adam, Adam, Anna, Joe, Katie, Kevin and Michael. And as you can see, the people with the same name are going to be sorted based on the age parameter. Adam with age 12, then Adam with age 33, then Adam with age 34. So this is how we can sort a given data set based on multiple features. So based on multiple variables with the help of lambda expression, without the need for using comparable and comparator interfaces. So this is why lambda expressions are extremely powerful. Thanks for watching.