In the previous lecture, we have implemented the constants clause and in this lecture we are going to implement the book clause. So what's crucial that it may happen that multiple students want to read the same book? So essentially every single book will be a lock. And whenever a student is reading the given book, it is locking on that given book, which means that other threads are not able to acquire that given book. So this is why every single book will have an integer ID and every single book is essentially a lock. So this is why we will have a lock associated with every single book. So we have to import java.util.concurrent that locks lock, we have to define the constructor. So public book and of course the integer ID is injected from outside. So this.id is equals to the ID and of course we have to instantiate the lock as a re-entrant lock. So let's import java.util.concurrent locks. Re-entrant lock. So Re-entrant lock is the implementation. It is a clause that implements the lock interface. And why is it good to use Re-entrant lock? Because it has several additional features. As usual, you can check the documentation at oracle.com. As you can see, the Re-entrant lock implements the serializable and the lock interface. What's crucial that a Re-entrant lock is owned by the thread last successfully locking but not yet unlocking it. What's crucial that we can define a so-called fairness parameter, which means that if the fairness parameter is set to be true, then the locks favor granting access to the longest waiting thread. So this is how we can make sure that all the threads are going to be handled. And of course, the two most crucial methods we are going to use is the lock and the trylock. The lock method acquires was the lock. And what's crucial that if the lock is held by another thread, then the given thread will wait for the other thread to release the given lock, which means that the thread is going to be blocked. As far as the Trylock method is concerned, if the given lock is acquired by another thread, then the actual thread tries to acquire that given lock. And of course when it comes to the conclusion that the given lock is acquired by another thread, it will return with false. But what is crucial that the thread will not be in a blocked state. So this is why we will use Trylock instead of lock. This is how we can avoid deadlocks and thread starvation. First of all, let's override the two string method. Right click source generate two string as far as the ID is concerned. So we return with the book and the ID, let's concatenate the ID exclusively so we have something like this and I guess it is going to work just fine. And of course we have to define the most crucial method public void read. Of course we have to define a student because a given student can read a given book. So what do we have to do? First of all, it throws an interrupted exception. Several students posed the question that when this interrupted exception will occur whenever the thread is executing the given operation within the run method or it is in the sleeping or the waiting state and we interrupt the given thread so we cancel the underlying thread. This is when the interrupted exception will occur. So what do we have to do whenever a given student wants to read a given book? First of all, we have to lock on the underlying reentrant lock. But if we use the lock, it is not going to be a good solution because deadlocks may occur in the sense that it may happen, that multiple students are waiting for each other to release the lock. So instead of locking, we are going to use try lock, which means that the given student will try to acquire the lock and we are dealing with time unit minutes, for example. So what does it mean? Just for demonstration purposes, the given student tries to acquire the given lock, which means that it tries to read the given book for ten minutes. After ten minutes, it is going to release the given lock, which means that it tries to do something else. For example, it tries to read other books. So this is how we can avoid deadlock situations and thread starvation in the main. So after the given student is able to acquire the given lock, we print out that the given student and starts reading and we concatenate this, which means that the two string will be called. So the given student is reading. They give in the book. Then we sleep for two seconds. So thread dot sleep for 2000 milliseconds. So we assume that a given student is reading a given book for two seconds. And then of course, what do we have to do? We have to unlock. So we have to release the lock and we print out. So I copy and paste that. The student has just finished reading the given book. Okay, so that's all about the book class. What's crucial that we have to use locks because every single book will be acquired by a single student at a given time. And of course we have to use some sort of synchronization in this case Re-entrant locks, which means that the given student tries to acquire the underlying lock. So it tries to acquire the given book for ten minutes. And if it is successful, then the given student reads the book for two seconds. And of course after that the student releases the underlying re-entrant lock. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about the student implementation. Thanks for watching.