In this lecture, we are implementing the student Java class. So what do we have to do? Every single student is identified by an integer ID, So this is what we have been talking about earlier, that every single book is identified by an ID book, number one, Number two. And number three, of course, in programming indices starts with zero. So we are going to deal with book number 012. But anyways, you may guess that we are going to identify the books with the help of integer indices, and this is true for the students. We will have an ID associated with every single student. Student One, two, three, four. Of course, in programming indices starts with zero. So we are going to start the integer ID with zero. Okay, So this is why we have the private integer ID and of course we have to store a reference to the one dimensional array of books because every single student will choose a book to read at random. So what do we have to do in the constructor? We have the student, we have an integer ID, and of course we have the one dimensional array of books and we set the ID to be the ID, and we set the books to be equals to the books. Okay. And what's crucial that as far as the book class is concerned, every single book is essentially a lock. And what's crucial that every single student is essentially a thread. So because these students are independent of each other, so they are going to choose the books at random and they will read the books independent of each other. This is why every single student is a thread, which means that they implement the runnable interface. And of course it means that we have to add the unimplemented run method and this is what's going to be executed when we start the given thread. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to create the field variable for a random number generator so we have the random. This dot random is equals to a new random. So we have to do something like this. And of course we have to import the java.util dot random. So what do we have to do? We have an integer book ID which is a randomly generated value. So next integer within the range zero up to the constants dot number of books. And of course in this it starts with zero in programming, but it doesn't matter because we are going to choose a book at random from the one dimensional array of books wherein this starts with zero as well. And of course we create an infinite loop. So while true, first of all, we generate the integer book ID, sorry for that. So within the while loop and then the given student tries to acquire that given book. But of course it may happen that given book is read by another student, so maybe the given student and the given thread has to wait for the other thread to finish with the execution. So we get the book with the book ID and we call the read method. This is what we have been implementing in the previous lecture. As you can see, we have a read method with a given student as the input, so we will have the read and of course we have to specify the student this. So this refers to the student itself and of course we have to surround it with try catch because it throws an interrupted exception. And of course we have to override the two string method. So right click source generate two string method with the ID exclusively. So we will use the student. And just for demonstration purposes, we use the hashtag and we append the given ID. Okay, so that's all what we need. It is an infinite loop, which means that the given students are going to choose a book ID at random, and then they try to read that given book. If that given book is not available, then they generate another book ID and they tries to read that given book over and over again. So this is why we are dealing with an infinite while loop. In the next lectures we are going to talk about how to run the simulation. Thanks for watching.