In the previous lectures we have implemented the problem and before running the simulation we have to talk a bit more as far as the Java related read method is concerned. So this is when a given student acquires the lock, which means that the given student tries to read a given book. And as far as this try lock method is concerned, it is working fine, but it returns with a boolean value. So if you take a look at the try block implementation, Okay, let's take a look at it. First of all, usually we have to use try catch and finally blocks. But what's more important that let's take a look at try lock this try lock has a Boolean return value. As I have mentioned earlier, it acquires the lock only if it is free at the time of invocation. So acquires the lock if it is available and returns immediately with the value. True. If the lock is not available, then this method will return immediately with the value false. So if we do something like this, for example, we define ten and instead of minutes we define seconds after 10s. Despite the fact that the student is not able to acquire the lock, it may happen that the given thread continues with the execution of the read method, which means that it may happen that multiple students are reading the same book. And of course this is exactly what we want to avoid. So we have two options. Either we check that if lock Trylock returns with true because of course the trilogue method returns true if the given thread can acquire the lock so we can do something like this. And if the given thread is not able to acquire the lock, then nothing is going to happen because the triple lock returns with false and we are not going to execute the reading operation. Or the other solution is to use the lock itself. So if we use the lock, then the given thread is going to wait for the given reentrant lock no matter what. Of course, in this case the given thread will be blocked until it gets the underlying lock. But anyways, this is how we can guarantee that no two students are reading the same book at the same time. So just for demonstration purposes we are going to use this solution. But of course we can use try lock with if else statements. So it is absolutely crucial that we have to handle the boolean return value of the trilogue method. In the next lecture we are going to test the application itself. Thanks for watching.