In this lecture, we are going to run the simulation itself. So what do we have to do? In the main method? We have to create a one dimensional array of students. So we have the students. At the beginning. It is null. And of course we have to create a one dimensional array of books at the beginning. It is a null as well. Then we have to create a try catch block. So we have the try. We are going to catch exceptions in the main. So exception E and just for demonstration purposes, we just print out the stack trace and we are going to use finally as well, this is where we will close the executer service. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to create a books one dimensional array so we have a one dimensional array. And of course in the constants we have defined the number of books. And of course we have to do approximately the same for the students. So the students is equals to a new one dimensional array of students. And of course, the constants class contains the number of students. Okay, so this is how we created the one dimensional arrays. Then we iterate through starting with zero. I is less than the constants dot number of books. And of course in every iteration we have to increment the value of I and what do we have to do? We have to make sure that books at index I is equals to a new book. And what do we have to do? We have to check the constructor of the book. We are looking for an integer ID we can specify I and if we want to avoid zero indices, we can specify I plus one because I starts with zero. I plus one will start with one. Okay. And then what do we have to do? We have to do the same for the students. So I is equals to zero. I is less than the constants dot number of students plus plus I and we are going to assign a new thread to every single student. So first of all, we have the students with index I is equals to a new student. We have to specify the index. We start with one. So this is why we specify I plus one and we have to specify the books one dimensional array. So if we check the constructor of the student clause and as you can see, we need an ID and we need the one dimensional array of books and we are going to assign a thread to every single student. So first of all, we create an executer service as the executor, which is equals to executors, new fixed thread pool. And we are going to create as many threads as the number of students. And of course we have to import the Java dot util dot concurrent executor service. And here whenever we create a new student, we create a new thread. So executer dot execute, we can execute runnable interfaces. And because a student implements the runnable interface, we can do it without any problem. So we start the student with index I and of course in the finally block we can shut down the executor service. So executor dot shut down. So if we do something like this, we save and run the application, then what's going to happen? Student one, four and three starts reading then. Student one, two and three has finished with the reading operation and so on. So I stopped the application and we can test whether it is working fine or not. So. Student one Reading Book six Student four Reading Book one. Student three Is reading book five then. Student one Has just finished reading book six So student number two can start reading book six. And as you can see, Student three has just finished reading Book five. Student three Starts reading book five again because it generates a random book ID, So it may happen that the same student will read the same book for the next time as well. So this is exactly what's happening here. Student three Starts reading book five and after it finishes, then it starts to read the same book again. Okay, so this is how we can solve this problem with the help of executor services, with the help of multiple threads. And what's extremely crucial that with the help of synchronization as far as Re-entrant locks are concerned. Thanks for watching.