Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section we are going to discuss about the challenge 4 that, we are going to face while building the microservice or cloud native applications. I'm assuming you are liking this approach where we are trying to first discuss what is the challenge that we are going to face, what are the options that we have and post that selecting a best option. And the same we are trying to implement inside the microservices like accounts, loans and cards. Just a reminder, we are into the new section that's why I have changed the background of the slide just to keep you engaged inside this course. So what is this new challenge that we may face while building microservices? This challenge is about configuration management inside the microservices. So to understand more about this challenge, let me try to pose some questions to you. The very first question that I have for you is, inside microservices, how we are going to separate the configurations or properties from your business logic, because without separating the configurations and properties from your microservices business logic, you cannot reuse the same Docker image across multiple environments. If you club all your business logic and configurations together, then for each environment you need to create a separate Docker image along with the relevant properties or configurations. Since it is not a recommended approach like generating the Docker image again and again for each environment, we need to make sure we are using the same Docker image for all type of environments, including the production. With such requirements, how are we going to separate the configurations from the business logic? So this is the very first question that I have, in the similar lines how we are going to inject the configurations or properties at runtime that are needed by our microservices during the startup of the service, some of the sensitive properties like credentials, we can't mention them inside any configurations or inside any business logic, such sensitive properties or configurations. We need to make sure we are injecting them into microservices during the startup of the service. In the very similar lines, whenever we are dealing with the configurations or properties, we need to make sure we are maintaining all these configurations or properties in a centralized repository along with the versioning of them. Because inside monolithic applications you will be having only 1 or 2 applications and it is very easy to maintain all your configurations wherever you want, whereas with hundreds of microservices it is going to be super complex to maintain all the properties of all the microservices manually. That's why when we are trying to build microservices, we need to make sure we are maintaining all the properties in a centralized repository along with the versioning of them. So how we are going to achieve that? So we have all these challenges in terms of configuration management in microservices. I will reveal the options that we have to overcome these challenges, for the configuration management in microservices, we have multiple solutions available inside the springboot ecosystem, and these solutions are like right from very basic solution, which is configuring Spring Boot itself with the relevant properties and the required profiles. And the second approach is applying external configuration with the spring boot. And the third approach is implementing a separate configuration server with the spring cloud config server project. So these are the options that we have. I'm going to show a demo of all these options and in the same process I will show what are the basic approaches and what are the disadvantages that we have with them and what is the best option that we have and why we should go with that. So all those discussions I'm going to do inside this section and inside this section, we are going to make lot of code changes inside our microservices. So it is going to be super, super engaging and fun throughout this section. Now, before I try to close this lecture, let me try to give you how the configuration management happens inside a traditional application and microservices application. Back in the days when we were trying to build traditional applications or monolithic applications, all your source code along with the configurations files, they will be bundled together. And with that, whenever there is a different configuration is needed for a different environment. We need to rebuild the application code again with the required configurations. So with this there is no guarantee that the application would behave consistently because the main business logic may differ from one environment to other environment when you are trying to build the application. This approach might have worked for monolithic application because there is only one application and they can do multiple builds based upon the environment. Whereas with microservice, since there will be hundreds of microservices doing multiple builds again and again for each environment with the required configuration data is going to be super, super complex. That's why as per the 15 factor methodology. All the configurations which are going to change between deployments such as credentials, service URLs or resource handles. So all such configuration data we need to provide outside our build component. So all such configurations that are likely to change, we need to maintain outside our business logic. So that the application artifacts will be immutable across all environments. Once we do a build and generate a Docker image for your microservice, the same image you can use across environments and the configurations has to be injected from the external location. This way the application build will remains unchanged across all the environments. Like you can see here, first there will be an microservice or cloud native application codebase inside the GitHub repo. We will do compilation and package as a build, which is going to be common for all environments. So inside this build you may generate a Docker image for your microservice and to this build a component we are going to inject configurations based upon the target environment. If you are trying to do a deployment into a development environment, then we can inject the configurations related to that development environment at runtime during the startup of the microservice. And both your configurations and the source code will be clubbed and deployed into that target environment like development QA and production. So this is how it has to work inside microservices or inside the cloud native applications and we should not follow the traditional approaches. I hope you are clear with the challenge for and what is the agenda of this section? So let's try to deep dive into the options that we have to solve the challenge of configuration management in microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.