Inside this lecture, let me start with the very basics on how configurations work inside any spring boot application, because we are developing our microservices with spring boot framework only inside Java ecosystem to develop microservices most of the developers and organizations, they are going to use spring boot framework. That's why we are also using the spring boot inside this course since we are using spring boot framework. First let's try to understand what are the options that Spring boot framework is providing to handle the challenge of configuration management in microservices. Once we discuss these basic approaches, then we'll go to the advanced approaches that we have with the help of spring cloud config server. The main problem that right now we have is, we want to externalize the properties for our microservices. So that the same immutable code artifact can be used across different, different environments. So to handle these kind of scenarios, we are trying to learn how to separate the configurations and codebase and also how to externalize the configurations from the codebase. So let's see if the Spring Boot is going to help us in externalizing our application properties. Spring Boot lets you externalize your configuration so that you can work with the same application code in different, different environments. You don't have to rebuild your application again and again. There are different approaches that Spring Boot lets you follow to externalize the configuration sources, and these approaches include with the help of property files and Yaml files where you can define all the required configurations and properties that your application or microservice need during the startup of the service. Apart from these property files and Yaml files, we can also inject the configurations or properties during the startup of the service with the help of environment variables and command line arguments. So there are many approaches, so let's try to understand in detail about them. By default, your spring boot application is going to look for the configurations or the properties that you have mentioned inside the application.properties or inside the application dot Yaml file. We are already using these inside our accounts, loans and cards microservice where we have defined various properties inside the application.yml file and we place that inside the classpath location. Apart from these default name, we can also have other property file names and we can make our spring boot to read from them during the startup of the application. But if you try to mention the properties or configurations inside your property file, you are clubbing everything along with the source code. So this approach may not work to a great extent, that's why Spring Boot also supports other ways to override the default values that you have defined inside the Application.properties file. Maybe for development environment. You might have mentioned that default database credentials, but at runtime inside your QA deployment or production deployment, we want to override the default values like username, password, url details of database during the startup of the application. That's why to overcome this challenge we can always override the properties with the other approaches like command line arguments, environment variables. So here you may have a question like if I mention the same property in multiple locations, will there be any preference or the priority that Spring Boot follows? You can see here these are all the most commonly used approaches to provide the configurations inside your spring boot applications. The very first one is you can mention your properties inside the files like application.properties or application.yml. So whatever you mentioned inside these files, they will have the lowest priority or the lowest preference if the same property is mentioned with the help of operating system environmental variables, then the previous value which is mentioned inside the application.properties will be overrided and whatever value you have mentioned inside the environmental variables will be considered by the spring boot framework. And very similarly, you can also mention the configurations or properties with the approaches like Java System Properties, Jndi attributes servlet config, init parameters and command line arguments. The way the priority works is, the lower items will be overriding the earlier ones, which means command line arguments is going to have highest priority. Whereas the properties that you have mentioned inside the application.properties is going to have the lowest priority. So please remember these priority and the order followed by the spring boot framework and this is going to be helpful for you inside your real projects. Now we understand Spring Boot allows us to externalize our configurations by following all these approaches right from basic approach with the help of application.properties or Yaml file to command line arguments. The next question that you may have here is, the properties are defined in some location or with some approach how to read those properties inside my business logic. So let's try to understand the same here again in Spring Boot. In order to read the properties, there are multiple approaches. I will try to present three commonly used approaches inside this course. The very first approach is with the help of @Value annotation. So whenever you want to read a particular property, you can define a Java field inside your business logic. On top of that Java field, you can mention an annotation @Value along with the what is a property key name. Once you mention what is a property key name with the format like you can see on the screen, during the startup of your application, Spring Boot is going to look for this property inside all the places like application.properties environmental variables and command line arguments. So if the same property is defined in multiple places, then definitely it will follow the order of priority and accordingly it will populate the property value inside this field. Once we have the property value populated inside this field, you can use that anywhere inside your methods or inside your business logic. The next approach that we have is with the help of environment interface. Many times in real projects, many properties like sensitive information or sensitive credentials, they will be configured with the help of environmental variables. So the server admins, they will create these operating system environmental variables during the creation of the server very first time. Or they might have created some scripts which will create the environmental variables during the creation of the server. So the same scripts they will follow for all the servers. This way any server that is coming inside your microservice network or the cloud native applications, they will make sure all of them they have the same set of environmental variables along with the required values. So to read such environmental variables inside spring boots, there is an interface which is environment interface. So inside this environment interface it provides many methods to access properties from the applications environment, where your application is running. So wherever your application is running inside that server, if there are any environment properties define those values you can access with the help of these environment interface. So wherever you want to read these environment properties inside your code, first you need to autowire this environment interface to your class. Post that inside any method where you want to read the property you can use getProperty() method available inside this interface and to this method you need to pass, what is the environment variable property name. I'll be showing all these in demo so don't worry. For now please note about all these approaches. The next approach that we have is, with the help of @Configuration properties. So if you see the very first and second approach, there are two drawbacks. The very first one is you are going to hardcode your property key name inside your Value annotation or inside your Environment.getProperty() method and these methods there are only useful to read a single property at a time. If you have multiple properties, then you need to define multiple Java fields with the help @Value. And similarly you need to invoke this getProperty() methods inside environment interface multiple times. So these one and two approaches we should use only if we have very few properties that we want to use. But if you have many properties configured for your application, then using these third approach is the most recommended approaches. This way, using this approach, you can avoid hardcoding the property keys. So this approach is, with the help of the annotation at @Configuration properties. How this approach is going to work is you need to define all your properties inside your property file with a prefix value. So once we define all your properties with the same prefix value you need to use @Configuration properties annotation on top of a Java class along with the what is a prefix value. Once we mention this annotation on top of a class inside the class, you can create any number of fields along with the getters and setters, but please note that the field names and their return type has to be matched with what you have configured inside your application.property file or in any other location. I know it may not be very clear right now, but when I show you the demo of this third approach, it is going to be super, super clear for you. So with this approach, by the time the server started successfully, all your property values will be binded to the fields presence inside the class my config and to access all these fields you just need to invoke the get method available for all these fields. I hope you are clear about all these three approaches. From the next lecture, let's try to implement all these approaches inside our microservice. In the same process, we can also try to understand what are the disadvantages that we have with these basic approaches provided by the Spring boot framework. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.