Now, inside this lecture, let's try to update our microservices by defining some properties inside the application.yml file and try to read them with the help of the approaches that we have discussed in the previous lecture. For the same, first, I'm going to create a new folder inside my workspace location and the folder name. I'm going to keep it as section 6 because we are right now inside a section six. So inside these Section 6, I'm going to create one more folder with the name v1-springboot. So V1 indicates version one and inside this version one of my microservices inside my section 6, I'm going to follow the basic approaches provided by the Spring Boot Framework. Once we discuss all the basic approaches provided by the Spring Boot framework, then we'll look for the advanced approaches inside the next version, which is V2. So inside this v1-springboot folder, I'm going to copy all the microservices that I have from the section four, so let me copy these three microservices and I'll paste them inside the v1-spring boot. So now I have copied all the microservices. As a next step I'll go to my IntelliJ idea and I'll try to open all these three microservices inside my IDE. So here, inside my IntelliJ idea, I'm going to click on this open button. I'll go to my workspace location, which is storage workspaces, microservices, section 6 and inside this v1-springboot. So I'll just select the parent folder which is v1-springboot and click on this open button. And with that all the microservices projects will be loaded into my IntelliJ idea. We need to make sure we are clicking on this load button to detect all our microservices as maven projects. Post that you can open these v1-springboot project. And inside this you can see we have three different maven based microservices with the name accounts, cards and loans. If you recall inside the section 4, we discussed three different approaches to generate the Docker images from our microservices, and by the end of the same section, we also finalized to use the Google throughout the course. So for the same reason, I'm going to make some changes inside my accounts and loans microservice to use a Google jib approach instead of buildpacks and Docker file. So first I'll go to my cards microservice where I'm trying to use the Google jib approach. So here I'll open the pom.xml and we'll go to the down of my pom.xml where I have Google jib maven plugin details configure. So here first I'll try to change this image name to S6 because right now we are into a new section. Post that I'll try to load the maven changes, after this I will try to copy these plugin details. Once I copied these plugin details, I'll go to the accounts microservice. First I'll try to delete the docker file because we no more needed this file as we are not following the docker file approach. Once I deleted this Docker file, I'm going to open the pom.xml of accounts microservice, and here under the plugins configuration, I'm going to remove this Spring boot Maven plugin and replace it with the Google Jib Maven plugin. So once I make these changes I can load the maven changes. Now, similarly, let's go to the loans microservice. Under this loans microservice also I'm going to open the pom.xml and here also I'm going to look for the Spring Boot Maven plugin and I'm going to replace it with the Google Jib Maven plugin. So the image name, we don't have to change anything because the project.artifactId is going to be present inside the same pom.xml and accordingly my different microservices will have different Docker image name. So let me load these maven changes. So once we make all these changes now all our microservices are using same approach to generate the Docker image, which is Google Jib. As a next step, first, I'll try to make all the required changes inside the accounts microservice. Post that, I'll give an activity for you to make similar set of changes inside the cards and loans microservice. Here under the accounts microservice you can look for the file which is application.yml. Inside this application.yml we can define any properties along with their values which we can read inside our Java code. First, let's try to start with a simple property name. So the property that I want to create here is build: and I'll go to the next line and mention the tab space and here I'm going to mention version. So I'm trying to define a property with the key build.version and inside the yaml this is how we need to mention the same. And for this property I'm going to mention the value as 1.0. So this is the simple property I'm trying to define inside my application.yaml, now using this property only I'm going to read the value inside my Java code and I'll also build a small REST API, which my client applications can invoke to understand what is the build version right now my microservice is using. As a next step, we need to go to the controller class inside AccountsMicroservice. The controller class that we have here is AccountsController. So here first I need to read the property defined inside my application.yml file. For the same, I'm going to create a new Java field inside my controller class which is of data type string and the field name I can keep it as buildVersion. Again, this name can be anything, but it will be a wise decision to follow the same name inside your Java field so that you can easily identify from your Java fields itself. So now this field will not have any value. This will have only null value right now to inject the property value during the startup of the spring boot application into this Java field, we need to mention an annotation which is @Value. To this annotation, we need to pass the property key name by following the spring expression language. So the syntax that we need to follow here is, first we need to mention that double quotes post that we need to mention dollar followed by curly braces. And inside these curly braces we need to mention the key value of our property. So the key value will be build.version. So let me try to mention the same build.version. So with these changes, the build version Java field will have the value that we have defined inside the Yaml file. Like I said before, I'm going to build a small REST API service to send these build version information to my client. For the same, let me go to the end of this controller class. So first I'll create a Java method with the name public return type as response entity of String and the method name is going to be getBuildInfo() and it is not going to accept any input parameters. Post that inside the body of this method I can directly write return statement and inside this return statement I'm going to use the ResponseEntity using this ResponseEntity class. First, I'm going to send the status to this status(). I'm going to send HttpStatus.Ok, which conveys the overall operation is successful. And post this, I'm going to invoke the body(). So inside this body() only I'm going to pass the field name which holds the build version information. Like we know we have a Java field name with the name build version, so I'm going to pass the same. So let me try to format this code. Now this looks good. The next step that we need to follow is we need to mention @GetMapping on top of this method post that the path that it is going to support is build-info along with the forward slash in the starting of the path. So with this we have defined the REST API, but we should also make sure we are documenting this REST API properly. For the same, let me copy some spring doc related information from the get API. So on the top we have a get api. So here I'm going to take this entire operation along with the API responses and the same I'm going to copy on top of this method. Off course here we need to change the summary and description, so let me try to change that quickly. So the summary is going to be get build information. So that's a summary. Similarly, I'm going to replace the description with a value saying that get the build information that is deployed into accounts microservice. Post that this response description should be fine. Like in the case of successful, the response code is going to be 200 along with the description as HttpStatus.OK . And very similarly, in the case of RuntimeException, we are going to return the response code 500 along with this description. And the schema that we are going to send is, by following this ErrorResponseDto. So this you already familiar with. So with this, our new REST API is ready. Now let me try to start my accounts microservice. When you try to build very first time inside your workspace, this annotation will appear related to Lombok. Please make sure you are enabling this annotation processing. So once we enable this and the build is completed, I can go to the accounts application and here I'll try to start my application in the debug mode. This will start my accounts microservice at the port 8080, but seems we are getting an errors. Let's try to understand what is this error? It is saying accounts controller is missing a bean of type String. I know why this is happening. Let's go to our accounts controller by default since we are using AllArgsConstructor here, my lombok is going to generate a constructor with all the fields that I have defined inside my AccountsController. So the fields right now I have is, accountService and buildVersion. So since it is trying to look for a bean of data type String which is nowhere exist inside my application, it is failing. So that's why to fix this first we need to make sure we are removing these AllArgsConstructor post that I'm going to create a new constructor manually. So the constructor is going to be public and I'm going to mention the class name and to this constructor I'm going to pass the parameter of type IAccountService and inside this constructor I'm going to invoke the logic, which is this. IAccountService =IAccountService. This way, with the help of this constructor, we are trying to autowire only one dependency been which is of type IAccountService. It is also a recommended approach to mention final before your field name of IAccountService. So this is the most recommended approach while following the constructor autowiring. This will make your application more secure. And if needed, you can also mention @Autowired annotation here. But like I said, this is completely optional when we have single constructor inside our class. So let me remove these optional Autowired annotation. Now I'll do the build post that I'll go to my accounts application and try to start the microservice in the debug mode. So this time you can see my application started at the port 8080. Now I'll go to my postman. Here inside my postman you can see under accounts I have a new API with the name build-info. So this is going to accept http get method and the path is localhost://8080/api/build-info. If I click on the send button you can see I'm getting a response 1.0, which is the value that we have mentioned inside the application.yml file. This way we can read the properties inside the application.properties file or application.yml file or inside any other file with the help of other @Value annotation. And this allows to read all your properties from your Java code itself. Just a reminder I have uploaded these microservices related postman collection inside the GitHub repo. You can simply import these inside your postman and with that you will be able to see all these APIs that I'm showing here and you don't have to create these requests manually Inside the postman collection that I have provided all these APIs information and the sample requests, everything is already present. I hope now you are clear with the approach one on how to read the properties with the help of @Value annotation. Do you think this approach is sufficient for microservice? Off course this is not going to work if you have hundreds of microservices and if they have 100 different properties, are we going to create 100 different fields inside your microservices? That's not a viable solution. And at the same time, inside this approach, if you see inside the AccountsController while injecting this Java field, we are hardcoding the property name like build.version. So creating a Java field and mentioning the hardcoded property value for every microservice is not going to be feasible option. That's why this approach is only recommended if you have only 1 or 2 properties. If you have many other properties, this approach is not going to work. So let's try to continue with the second approach that we have in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.