Instructor: Now inside this lecture, let me show you the second approach that we have to read the properties, and this second approach will help you to read the environment properties defined inside the environment where you have deployed your microservices. And here you may have a question like, "Why do we need to define some properties as environment variables? Why can't we directly define them inside the application.yaml file?" That's a very valid question. Like I said before, some sensitive informations, like passwords or any other information, we can't define them inside the application.yaml file or inside any other place where it will expose my sensitive information. With that reason, it is always advisable to define the sensitive configuration details as the environment variables only so that no one can see those values because they'll not have access to your production server. Only the server admins, they'll have access. This way you're trying to secure your application whenever they're dealing with the sensitive configurations. Like we discussed before, this approach involves an interface with the name environment. So first, let's try to autowire the environment interface to this AccountsController. So here I'm going to mention private, post that, Environment interface and the variable name is going to be environment. On top of this field, I'm going to mention Autowired annotation. With this, now all the environment details that I have defined inside my local system can be accessed with the help of these environment variable. To demo the same, I'm going to create a small REST API. Let me go to the end of this file. Here, first, I'll try to copy the entire REST API related to the build-info. Post that, I'm going to paste the same here inside this class. Now I'm going to create a new REST API that will return the what is a Java version that my microservice right now is using. So inside my local system or in any Java developer system, we'll always install a Java, and we'll set a environment variable with the name JAVA_HOME. With the help of these environment interface, I'll try to read that environment property related to Java version. And the same I'll return to the client applications where it's trying to invoke my REST API. So first, I'll try to change the method name to getJavaVersion and similarly, I'm going to change the REST API path to java-version. So with this, I'm good from REST API perspective, but here, after making these REST API changes inside the body, as of now, I'm sending the buildVersion field information. Instead, I'm going to use the environment variable that we have. Against this environment variable, I'm going to invoke the method getProperty since we have injected a wrong environment interface. So let me go to the import statements. Here, under the import statements, if you see, the environment, right now, we are importing is from the hibernate but we don't want that hibernate-related environment. We want the environment present inside the Spring Core Framework. So let me try to press Control + space here. So you can see we have the interface with the package org.springframework.core.env. So please make sure you are injecting the same into this controller class. So once I define this and imported this into this class, I can go to the Java method, and here now I should be able to invoke the method, which is getProperty. And to this getProperty method, I'm going to pass the environment variable name regarding the Java version. So these details we store inside a environment variable with the name JAVA_HOME. So now my REST API is capable to read the JAVA_HOME environment variable inside my local system, and send the same as a response to the client applications. As a next step, I should also update the summary here. Like first, I'll change this to get Java version. Post this, I'll also change the description details to get Java version details that is installed into accounts microservice. With this, we should be good. There is no need to change anything inside the API responses. Let me do a build. Once the build is completed, if needed, please restart your application. I'm also restarting my application to be on safe side. So let me restart in debug mode, and I'll go to the Postman. Here inside the Postman, I'm going to click on this java-version API. You can see here, this is the complete path, /api/java-version, and this is going to support HTTP GET method. As soon as I click on the Send button, I'm getting a response where my JAVA_HOME is installed. So inside the response, since I have used the SD command to install the Java, it is simply giving the JAVA_HOME folder location. But ideally inside the production servers, we'll directly install the JDK by downloading from the official website. And in such scenarios, it is going to give you the complete folder location, along with the Java version name. So this output should be fine for me since I just want to show you the demo of how to use the environment interface to read the properties of environment details. I can also show you one more environment property demo. Inside my local system, I also have Maven installed. So whenever we have the Maven installed, we are going to have the environment property set with the name MAVEN_HOME. So after adding these property details, I'm trying to save the changes and do your build. Once the build is completed, I go to my Postman. Here I am trying to click on the Send button. You can see it is giving me a location where my Apache Maven is installed. So from this folder location, I can easily understand. The version right now we have installed is 3.8.6. This way, we can read any type of environment property inside your Java code with the help of environment interface. So let me rework these changes back to JAVA_HOME and do your build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to test again. And here, it is showing me the Java installation folder location. So this should be fine for me, though it is not showing my Java version install. Like I said, in production environment, it is going to work. With this, I'm assuming you're super clear about the second approach that we have used to read the properties, which is with the help of Environment interface. So this approach also has disadvantages, like you can only read one property at a time and at the same time, you need to hard code the property key name inside your Java code. And this approach is also going to work only if you have one or two properties. If you have higher number of environment properties that you want to read, then definitely this approach is not recommended. We'll see some advanced options that we have in the coming lectures, but now we should be good with this approach two. Inside the next lecture, let's try to discuss the approach three that we have. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.