Inside this lecture, let me show you the third approach, which is with the help of @ConfigurationProperties annotation. Using this third approach, we can read multiple properties at a time with a single pojo class. All the limitations that we have with the previous two approaches will be handled with this third approach. Limitations are like where we are hardcoding the property key names inside the Java code. And at the same time we can only read one property at a time with the two approaches that we have discussed. So to demo you, the third approach, I'm going to create a set of properties that are required for my Accounts Microservice. Whenever we are trying to use @ConfigurationProperties approach, first, we need to make sure all our properties have a common prefix name. For the same, I'm going to create a prefix name with the name accounts. Since I'm trying to create various properties for my accounts microservice, I thought mentioning a prefix as accounts would make more sense here. After this, inside this property we can define any number of other properties. Here just to save some time, I'm going to paste a few properties. You can get these properties from the GitHub location as well. These properties are like message, contactDetails and onCallSupport So I'm going to use these properties to send to my client applications whenever they're trying to invoke one new REST API that I'm going to build. So with the new Rest API that I'm going to build, since I'm sending this information, my client applications, they know to whom they need to contact in case of any issues like what is the developer name, what is the email of the developer, what is the on call support details? So you can see under the same accounts prefix property. I have three different properties, message, contact details and on call support and you can see these contact details again has internally other properties like name and email and similarly on call support property has multiple values. Like we are providing two different phone numbers that someone can call in case of any issues when they're trying to invoke our accounts microservice. Now we have different set of properties with the same prefix name accounts. If you are following the first approach, which is with the help of @Value annotation, if you want to read all these properties, you need to define all these fields along with the hardcoded property key names inside your controller class. Similarly, if you have any other controller class where you have to use the same properties, then in that controller class also you need to create multiple Java fields with the help of @Value annotation along with the hardcoded property key names. So that is going to be super, super inconvenience. So to overcome this challenge we can use the third approach. In order to use the third approach, first, we need to have a pojo class which represents all of the properties that we have defined here. In order to create a pojo class, let me go to the dto package that we have. Inside this DTO package, I'm going to create a new DTO class and this class name is going to be AccountsContactInfoDto So here I'm not going to create a Java class. Instead, I'll go with the Java record. Record is a new type of Java classes introduced in Java 17. Let me try to talk few minutes about what is this record class and why Java people introduce this. Sometimes we want our Pojo class or DTO classes to simply act as a data carriers, which means first I'll create an object of this DTO class and someone can read the data from the object of this DTO class, but they should not be able to change. So whatever fields data that you pass during the object creation, the same values are going to be final. And anyone can read using the getter methods and there won't be any setter methods. So this is the most common scenario and common requirement. So instead of writing all the getter methods and creating a constructor that is going to accept the final Java fields, you can simply use this record class. So to this record class, you can pass all the Java fields inside these brackets. So in order to define the Java fields, first I need to know what is the property name that we have defined inside the application.yml. So inside my application.yml you can see the very first property name is message and it is holding a value of type String. And very similarly the second property name is contact details, but here it has a list of properties with the key and value. So inside Java the key and values can be represented with the help of HashMap or Map. And the third property we have here is on call support and this property has list of phone numbers in a alphanumeric format. You can see message is a simple String. Contact details supports storing of map data and on call support is going to support to store the list of elements. By following the same data types, we need to define the fields inside our pojo class. So here our pojo class is a record class. That's why we need to define all the fields inside this bracket itself. So first property is of type String and please make sure the field name is same as the message because we have defined the same inside the application.yml and the second field data type is going to be map and it is going to have key and values of type String. That's why I'm mentioning the String, String inside this map and the field name has to be same as contact details. Since we have defined the contact details here and inside this we have key and value which can be stored inside the map with the name, contact details. And very similarly, you need to create a list of string with the name on call support. So let me go to my controller class and here I'm going to mention the data type as list of String and the field name is going to be on call support. So with this I should be good. Now behind the scenes, the Java is going to make these fields as final and at the same time it is going to generate a getter method and a constructor behind the scenes. So there won't be any setter methods, which means whenever you are using record type classes, you can only initialize the data only once and you cannot change that and whatever you have provided during the object creation, it is going to be final. Since we also have a requirement to not change these values at runtime again and again, we can use record class here now to map all these properties to Java fields. We need to mention this prefix with the help of @Configuration properties. So to this annotation we need to mention a parameter which is prefix. And to this prefix we need to pass a prefix which is accounts. So please make sure you are mentioning the same prefix both in application.yml and inside this record class. So once we make these changes we need to go to our spring boot main class and on top of this class we need to make sure we are mentioning an annotation which is @EnableConfigurationProperties. Against to this annotation, we need to invoke a parameter value and inside this value we need to pass the Pojo class details. The class name that we have here is, AccountsContactInfoDto.class So this is the class name where we try to map all our properties from application.yml to the Pojo class. So now we have the Pojo class ready and during the startup my spring boot will try to read all the properties with the prefix value as accounts and it will try to map those property values to the fields present inside this class with the name. AccountsContactInfoDto. As a next step, I can use this Pojo class anywhere inside my business logic and I don't have to depend on the @Value annotation, so let me go to the AccountsController. I'm going to create a new REST API by copying the existing REST API related to Java version. And first, I'll change this Java method name to getContactInfo() since any client they can get these contact details by invoking this REST API, I want to make the method name as getContactInfo(). Post that I'll change the API path to contact-info Once we change this API path, we need to make sure we are changing the operation summary and description. So let me change the summary and description. So the summary is going to be Get Contact info. Once I mention the summary details as a next step, I'm going to change the description which is Contact info details that can be reached out in case of any issues. So the API responses are going to be the same. Now in order to write the business logic inside this method, first we need to make sure we are injecting the bean of AccountsContactInfoDto Since we have mentioned this @ConfigurationProperties on top of this class, behind the scenes, my spring framework is going to create a bean, so that's why we can directly inject that with the help of @Autowired annotation inside my controller class, I'll try to copy these environment related autowiring information and instead of environment, I'm going to mention the class name of AccountsContactInfoDto. The variable name also I'm going to change it to accountsContactInfoDto. So now I have these AccountsContactInfoDto. I'll simply go to my REST API that I have created here inside this body, I'm going to send the entire object of AccountsInfoDto and with that inside the return statement I need to remove the String and mention AccountsContactInfoDto. So with these changes now anyone can invoke my contact-info API and they are going to get all the properties that we have defined inside my application.yml. This way you can create hundreds of properties inside your application.yml and for all of them you can define Java fields inside your Dto class. Whether you are following a record class or a normal pojo class, it's up to you. But please make sure this field names and the return data types are matching with the property names and the data types that we have inside this application.yml. So now I have made all the required changes. So let me save these changes and do a build. Once the build is completed we can restart the server just to make sure our new REST API method is going to work properly. So now my Accounts Microservice started successfully. Let me go to the postman. Inside my postman there is an API with the name contact-info. You can click on that. You can see this is an API that supports GET method and the URL is localhost:8080/api/contact-info . I'm clicking on this send button. You can see I got a successful response with all the property details. Like what is the message? What is the contact details? What is the on call support? So this information can be used by my client applications. Here we are just passing these DTO object directly in the client response, but in real projects it's up to you on how to read the data and utilize the data present inside this object. I'm just trying to show you a demo of how to map multiple properties into a single pojo class, and that's why I have used this third approach, which is with the help of @ConfigurationProperties. Since this is more matured approach, Spring team also recommend to use this approach compared to @Value annotation. Off course, we need to use environment interface to read the environment variables that approach you can use. But in real applications we will not be having multiple environment properties. There will be 2 or 3. Normal properties and configurations there can be multiple properties that you may need to create. That's why using this third approach, which is ConfigurationProperties approach, is going to make more sense to you. So as of now, we have explored all the three approaches. But here I have a question for you. You can see as of now we have created an application.yml and we have defined all the properties. But what if I want to have different values for different environment? Maybe I want to follow these values inside my dev environment? How about inside the QA and production environment? If my requirement is to maintain different values for different environments, then definitely all these three approaches are not going to be helpful. We need something more advanced that is supported by the spring boot framework. So let's try to explore the same inside the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.