As of now, we have built these properties inside accounts, microservice. The challenge that right now we are facing is, if you try to deploy this code into various environments, the set of properties they are going to use will be same. What if we have an requirement where we should use different property values inside different, different environments? You will be seeing such requirements very often inside real projects. For example, take database credentials itself, the properties related to database credentials. They should not have the same values inside all the environments. Based upon the environment, they should have different, different properties. So let's see how to overcome this challenge and how Spring Boot is going to help in this scenario. Inside Spring Boot, there is a beautiful concept called profiles. So let's try to understand what are these profiles. Spring Boot provides a great tool for grouping your configurations and properties into so-called profiles, which means you can create different set of files and properties that will get activated based upon the current executing environment. If you create three different profiles like dev, QA and prod, this will give you a flexibility to you to have different values for your configurations and the same will be activated based upon the current active profile or based upon the current executing environment. Using these profiles, we can perfectly set up our application that will run in different environments with the same code, but our application is going to use different properties or configurations. Using the same profiles also, we can control the bean creation process. We can write logic such a way that my bean has to be created only when a particular profile is activated. This way, this profiles concept inside Spring boot it can influence the application properties that will load and the beans that will get created inside the spring context. So let's try to understand more details about these profiles by default inside Spring Boot framework, the default profile is always active. Whatever properties and configurations you have defined inside your application.properties or applications.yml file, they will go into the default profile and these profile will always be activated by default and based upon your requirements, you can create another profiles by creating property files or yaml files by following a naming convention like you can see if I want to create two more profiles for the production environment and the QA environment, I can create the files like application_prod.properties or application_prod.properties. Since in our case we are using Yaml extension, we should create files with the extension.yml. Once we create these two extra profile files, then inside our application there will be total three profiles. One is default profile that you can use inside your local development and the second one will be QA profile and the third one will be production profile. This way you can create any number of profiles based upon your business requirements. So now the very next question that you will be having is, how can I activate a specific profile? We can easily activate a profile with the help of this property available inside the springboard. So this property is spring.profiles.active and to this property key you need to pass the value of your profile. Since I'm passing here prod, this means my production related profile will get activated. Along with that, all the properties and configurations defined inside our application_prod.properties or yml file will get considered by the spring boot application. And if needed you can activate multiple profiles also with the help of comma separated values. By following these spring boot profiles. We don't have to rebuild our code and regenerate the Docker image or the software package for every environment because we are going to have the properties and configurations related to all the environments inside the code base itself and we can activate these profiles based upon our requirements. So I just wanted to highlight always please remember that once the application is built and packaged, it should not be modified at any cost. Whenever you are trying to move your application from one environment to other environment, it might be a feasible option inside monolithic application. But inside microservices, building your application again and again for different environments is not going to be a feasible option and it is going to be super, super complex and cumbersome process. With these profiles to some extent, we are able to configure all the properties related to all the environments inside our application code itself and based upon our requirements, we can activate a specific profile. But if there is a scenario where you can't maintain certain sensitive credentials or properties inside your properties file, then they should be provided externally during the startup of the application. We will explore what are the various options that we have to provide properties externally during the startup of the application. But for now, let's try to update our accounts microservice, by creating various profiles for various environments like QA  and production. I hope you are clear with these profiles concept. If you have any questions, don't worry. When we see these in action it will be more clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.