Now, inside this lecture, let's try to implement Profile's concept inside our accounts Microservice. Please do follow all the instructions that we are following because I'm going to give you an assignment to make similar changes inside loans and cards microservice. So here, just like how we have application.yml file, I'm going to create two more different files under the resources folder. So let me right click on these resource folder and click on this new file. And the very first file name that I'm going to create is application_qa.yml. Since we want to follow the Yml configurations, we need to make sure the extension is .yml. So I'm trying to create this file. Similarly, I'm going to create one more file and this time the file name is going to be application_prod.yml. . So total there are three application.yml files inside my application. application.yml belongs to default profile and this one belongs to prod profile and the last one belongs to the QA profile or testing profile. So now inside the application.yml file we have many properties, we have port related configurations, we have build version, we have these accounts related configurations. First you need to identify which properties are going to change from environment to environment inside your microservice. So if you see the server.port is going to be the same for all environments. We don't want to start our applications in different port numbers in different environments. That's why we don't need to move this property into the other profiles. We can have this as a default value which will always be loaded by the spring boot framework. And very similarly, since we are using h2 database, it is going to be the same for all environments. We can simply ignore all this H2 database related configurations. So with these I only have an requirement that these properties like build version and accounts related properties only will change from environment to environment inside my microservices. So what should I do is, I should create a similar set of properties inside my other profiles. But we need to make sure that these properties have different values in different profiles because that's our intention. Otherwise there is no need of creating different profiles. So before I try to copy these properties into different profiles, let me change this build version to 3.0 inside the default profile, which means inside my local development, the version right now we have deployed is 3.0. Similarly, inside QA I'll make it as 2.0 and inside the production it will be 1.0. This way we are mentioning different value inside, different, different profiles. So now I'll go to the qa.yml file. Here I'm going to paste few properties. You can see all of them has the same property names, only the values are changed inside the build version we have 2.0 here, whereas inside the default profile it is 3.0. Very similarly, the message is also changed. You can see welcome to easy bank accounts related to QA  APIs and the contact details also will be different. Whenever there is an issue inside the QA environment. My clients should reach out to the QA lead and this is the name of the QA lead and this is the email of the QA lead and the phone numbers that we mentioned under the on call support also different compared to what we have inside the default values. You can get these properties along with the values from the GitHub repo. So now we mentioned the properties inside this qa.yml file. We should also tell to the spring boot framework when these profile are when these file has to be activated. For the same, we need to define one more property inside this yaml file and the property starts with spring, post the spring we need to come to the next line and here we need to mention config followed by colon and come to the next line. After this we need to mention activate followed by colon and come to the next line. And at last we need to mention on-profile:and what is the profile value. So the profile value should be  QA here because our file also have a profile name as QA. So whenever I'm trying to activate a profile with the name QA, this file has to be activated and all the properties defined inside these file should be considered by my spring boot application. So that's what we are trying to convey with these configuration. Now I can try to create similar set of properties inside application_prod.yml. So here I'm trying to paste the values from the GitHub repo just to save some time. Like you can see, I have created properties here with the same property names. The build version is going to be 1.0 and the message is going to have prod APIs and the contact details for the production environment is going to be the product owner. So this is the name and this is the email and these are the on call support mobile number details. And we should also make sure. We are mentioning this property that these profile are that these Yaml file should be activated whenever we are trying to activate a profile with the value prod. So once we make these changes we should be good from these two Yaml files perspective. Now as a next change, we should tell to the spring boot framework that we have created two different profiles and these are the names of the Yaml files. For the same, we need to define a property inside these application Yaml and the properties should start with spring. Since we already have spring here, we should be good. We can directly mention what is our next value after spring. The property name is spring.config, so spring is already there in the top and we should make sure that this config is started inside the spring. So you can see under spring we have created one more child element which is config. Now inside this config I need to mention import and at this import I need to mention the list of Yaml files that we have created since we are trying to mention a list of elements inside yaml. They should always start with hyphen. After this hyphen, please give the space followed by, what is your file name? The file name is going to be application.yml. Very similarly, we need to mention one more element and here the file name should be application_prod. . Now we have created all the required profiles and mention the same inside the application.yml also to import them. As a next step, we should activate at least one profile. If you are not activating any profile, a default profile will be activated. First, let's try to test with these changes our microservice and see which profile is going to get activated. So let me save this changes. Do a build. I'm going to restart my application. Once I restart is completed, I'll go to the postman here first I'll try to invoke this contact info. Like you can see here we are getting the values from the default profile. That's why you are able to see this local API's, the developer name and the mobile numbers mentioned inside the default profile. Similarly, if you try to invoke the build info here, also under the build info you will get 3.0 which is coming from the default profile. For Java version, you will always see the same output because you are always running the microservice inside the same local system. So that's why don't worry about this Java version. You can always test build info and contact info. Now I want to activate a  uat profile or I want to activate a production profile. Let's see how to activate the same. For the same, we need to go to the application.yml here just under the spring. We need to make sure we are mentioning a element with the name profiles. So spring.profiles and this profiles we need to mention an element which is active and under this active element we can pass list of profiles information. Suppose here, if I have a requirement only to activate the QA profile, I need to pass the value which is QA. So please make sure you are following the same naming convention. So this is the same thing I have mentioned inside the application_qa.yml. . So whatever you have mentioned here, the same value you have to mention while you are trying to activate the profile. So based upon this value, only spring boot is going to activate all the properties present inside the application_qa.yml. . So now we know that by default the default profile will be activated and now we are trying to activate one more profile which is QA. So here Spring boot will see same set of properties with the same property key names. What it is going to do is, it is going to override the default values present inside this Yaml file with the values defined inside the application_qa.yml. So let's try to see this behavior. I'm saving all the changes and I'm doing a build now. I'll go to the postman. First I'll try to invoke this build info. We should get 2.0. So you can see I'm getting 2.0 as the output. Now if I go to the contact info and try to click on the send button, we are getting message from the QA environment and the contact detail has a QA lead information and the on call support has a mobile numbers that we have mentioned. Inside the QA profile. This way we can activate a specific profile. Now here you may have a question. Suppose if I want to change this value to production or suppose if I want to activate a production profile inside a production environment, I need to change this value and I need to regenerate my Docker image. With that, we are not making our code base as immutable. That's why let's try to explore what are the various options that we have to change the property values dynamically during the startup through an external parameter. I'm assuming as of now you are clear how to create multiple profiles and how to activate a particular profile. Inside the next lecture I'll be showing you what are the various options that we have to activate a profile using external parameter. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.