As of now, we know how to activate a specific profile by hardcoding the profile values inside application.yml file. With this we have a disadvantage every time we want to move our code from one environment to other environment and activate a profile specific to that environment. We need to make sure we are regenerating our Docker image or our web application package, which is against the 15 factor methodology that we have discussed. So to overcome this challenge, we need to identify is there any way inside Springboot where we can activate a specific profile from an external location or through an external parameter? So let's try to understand the same Inside this lecture, Springboot provides various ways to externalize our configurations and activate them. And inside these approaches, the very first mostly used approach is with the help of command line arguments. Whenever you are trying to provide a given property along with its value, with the help of command line arguments behind the scenes, Springboot automatically converts that command line arguments into a key and value pairs and add them to the environment object. Whenever you use these command line arguments, it is going to have highest precedence compared to other approaches. Even if you define same property inside your application.yml or any other profile file, all those values will be overrided because whatever you have defined inside the command line arguments is going to have highest precedence. There are multiple ways on how we can pass this command line arguments we saw previously. We can try to start our spring boot application with a fat jar that got generated inside the target folder. For the same, we are going to use the java-jar and what is our jar name? And this will start our spring boot application or your microservices application. To this command only if you want to provide command line arguments, you need to follow a syntax which is by mentioning the prefix two hyphens followed by what is your property key name and what is its value. So here the property that I want to override are the property that I want to provide. Using external configuration like command line arguments is build.version. That's why I'm trying to mention this property along with the required value. Similarly, you can pass any number of properties to this command by following the same prefix, but please make sure your command line arguments are separated with a space. I'll be showing a demo how to activate a specific profile with the help of command line in few seconds. Just like how we can provide externalized configurations with the help of command line arguments, we can also provide by using the JVM system properties. This JVM system properties has less precedence compared to the command line arguments, but it has more precedence compared to the normal property files like application.yml file. So let's try to understand how to provide these JVM properties. What is the syntax. To these JVM system properties are very similar to command line arguments. They can override your spring boot to properties which has a lower priority, but the syntax is going to be different for JVM system properties. Using JVM system properties, you need to make sure you are having -d as a prefix before your property. You can see here I have provided an example for your reference. But you may have a question like what if I mention the same property both in command line arguments and JVM system properties? In such scenarios the precedence are the preference followed by the spring boot will come into picture since the command line arguments is going to have the highest precedence. Whatever value you have mentioned through the command line arguments will be considered by the spring boot application. By taking the precedence or the JVM properties. The next common approach to provide externalized configurations is with the help of environment variables. This approach has an advantage compared to the other approaches. The advantage is environment variables are widely used for externalized configurations as they are universally sopported. Regardless of your using Java or Spring Boot, regardless of whatever language or whatever platform you are using, these environment variables are universally supported, so even Java and Spring Boot also supports these environment variables. That's why if you have a scenario where you are not using JVM or Spring Boot or Java, but for your microservice or for your serverless application, if you want to still provide an external configuration, then this approach is recommended, which is environment variables. We can also access these environment variables inside Java code with the help of system.getEnvironment() method. Now let's try to see what is the syntax that we need to follow while we are trying to use this environment. Variables. The syntax is first, you need to convert all your property key names to the uppercase values. They should not be any lowercase values. All the letters should be in uppercase. And post that, replace all your dots with underscore. For example if you want to provide the property of build.version as an environment variable, then you need to make sure you are following these standard. With that, you will convert all the letters inside the build.version into capital letters post that you will replace that dot with underscore. Let's see an example here. Inside Windows, whenever you are trying to set an environment variable through command line, first you need to execute this command which is env colon and what is your environment variable post that mention colon followed by your Java command to start your application and inside Linux based operating system or inside Mac based operating system, you can directly mention what is your environment variable. After that, please give a space. After the space you can mention your Java command. So these are the different approaches to externalize the configurations. Inside the next lecture, let's see that demo of all these externalized configurations and try to activate the profile of our application using these approaches. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.