Now, inside this lecture, let me show you the demo of how to activate a specific profile using externalized configuration approaches. Since we are already using IDE, using this IDE also, we can provide command line arguments, JVM arguments, and environment variables. We don't have to go with the approach to generate a jar first post that try to run the jar with the terminal. That approach can be used by the operations team and platforms team where they're trying to run the applications through the CI/CD tools like Jenkins GitHub actions. Since we are developers and we have the access to the IDE, let's try to utilize the same. First, let me show you the approach of command line arguments. To provide the command line arguments, go to your spring boot main class, which is AccountsApplication. Right click on this class and here you have an option which is Modify Run Configuration. If you click on this and try to maximize this page, there is an text field where you can provide program arguments. Like we discussed whenever we are trying to provide command line arguments, we need to make sure we are providing a prefix which is two hyphens. Post this we need to mention the property which is spring.profiles.active. After this active, we need to mention what is the profile that we want to activate right now inside the application.yml. We have activated the QA profile. This time let's try to activate the prod profile using this externalized configuration. Along with this I'll also try to override the value presence inside the build.version. For the same, I need to mention two hyphens post that I need to mention. build.version is equal to I'm going to mention some 1.1 as a value. Now we need to click on this apply okay Now you can stop your application and try to start the application again. This time the application should have started with the production profile, so let's confirm the same. Inside my postman I'm trying to invoke this contact info API. You can see I'm getting the message which has prod APIs and at the same time the contact details name has product owner details and the relevant mobile numbers. Now let's go and test the build info. Here ideally we should get 1.0 since we have activated the prod profile. But on top of that we also override the value defined inside the profile with the help of command line arguments. That's why if I try to invoke this, you can see I'm getting the value 1.1. So this is one approach on how to provide the configurations using an externalized approach. Now let's try to use the the next approach, which is JVM system variables. For the same, I need to go again to the accounts applications and click on these modify run configurations. This time I'm going to remove my command line arguments. Here by default, you will not be able to see the option to provide the JVM system variables. To make it visible here we need to click on this Modify options and here there is an option which is add VM options. If you click on this, you can see you got a new text field which has VM options. Here we can paste the same values like we did for command line arguments, but we need to make sure instead of double hyphens we need to mention -d and what is our property value like, spring.profiles.active is equal to prod and the same I have to do for the next property which is -d build.version is equal to this time I'll mention something like 1.3. So with this, let me click on this apply and click on okay. Now I'll try to restart my application again. So I'm trying to start my application in debug mode. I'll go to the postman. So first let me click on this contact info. You can see the prod profile is activated. So we have mentioned the profile inside the application.yml file. Now we can test the build info. Here we should get the output as 1.3 and this is working perfectly fine. Now let's test the last approach that we have, which is with the help of environment variables. But this approach also we can right click on this AccountsApplication and click on this modify run configurations. Now here, first I'm going to delete the VM arguments post that you can see there is an environment variables option. Here first, I can paste the values, now I can remove these -d and the same I can do for build.-version. There is no need of any prefix, but please make sure all the environment variables are separated with semicolon value. Apart from this, we should also make sure we are mentioning all the values in uppercase letters post that we need to replace dot with underscore. The same let me do for profiles. After this I'm going to replace the dot with underscore. Now I'm going to make this active as uppercase value. Let me do the same for build version also. So I'll just convert this to uppercase and replace this dot with underscore and mention version in all capital letters. So here this time I'll try to override this build -version to a new value, which is 1.8. So let me apply these changes and click on okay, I will stop my application and I'll try to start again in debug or run mode. So let me go to the postman. We should be able to see the prod profile is activated. The same is confirmed by looking at these message content and the name under the contact details. Now let's go to the build info. We should get the value 1.8 so we are getting 1.8 value. As a next step, what we can do is we can try to provide this build.version property in all the approaches. So for the same, I'll start my application first and I'll right click on this AccountsApplication and here I'll click on this modifier and configurations we already have build_version and the environment variables. Now under the program arguments also, which is like command line arguments approach. We can mention build.version, but please make sure we need to mention two hyphens. And very similarly I'll also try to mention the build.version under the VM options. So here what I'm going to do is, I'm going to mention VM options with a different value. Like maybe I'll mention 1.1 and mention the prefix which is -d. So as per our understanding, command line arguments has highest preference. So that's why now the output should be 1.3 where anyway we are activating the spring profiles active is equal to prod inside this environment variables. So let's try to focus on build.version. So I'm clicking on this apply post clicking on this okay. And starting my application in debug mode. So what is the output that we should get right now? We should get the output which is 1.3. So I'm just trying to send this build info. You can see I'm getting 1.3. As a next step, I'll go to AccountsApplication again and clicking on this Modify Run Configurations. This time I will remove the command line arguments. With that, now the fight will be between the JVM system variables and the environment variables. And in these two the highest preference goes to the JVM system variables. That's why we will get the output as 1.1. So let's try to confirm the same. I'm trying to restart my application in a debug mode. Now I'll go to the postman. We should get an output which is 1.1. You can see we are getting the output 1.1. I can stop my application. I'll right click on this accounts application, click on this modify run configurations. Now I will remove this JVM system variables with that obviously, whatever build version we have mentioned under the environment variables will come as an output. Now if I try to remove the value even here, also the value that we have defined inside the production profile will come into picture. So let's confirm the same. I'm trying to click on apply and okay, post that I'm going to start my application in debug mode. So now the output should be 1.0. I'm trying to test this build info API. You can see we are getting 1.0 as an output. This way we are able to solve most of our problems. We built different profiles inside our application and we are able to activate the profiles through externalized configurations and at the same time, if needed, we can override the existing property or we can provide a new property through externalized configurations. And this way we can make our microservices immutable and the same Docker image we can deploy in multiple environments without the need of regenerating Docker image again and again. So this solves the problem that we have. But do you think this is a best approach and we can follow this? Off course this may work to some extent. You will be seeing some projects or some organizations using this Spring Boot profiles concept and externalize the configuration concept to maintain their properties inside the microservices environment. But these may work to some extent, and this is the most basic approach to maintain the configurations inside the microservices or cloud native application. This basic approach will not work. This approach has some good amount of disadvantages. I'll try to explain those disadvantages in the coming lectures, but before we try to discuss them, first let's try to make the similar set of changes inside the loans and cards microservices as well. I hope you are excited for the assignment. Let me introduce this assignment in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.