Inside this lecture, let me show you the limitations or the drawbacks that we may face when we try to externalize the configurations using spring boot framework alone. The very first drawback is we try to externalize the configurations using the approaches like CLI, arguments, JVM properties and environment variables. They are effective ways to externalize the configurations. I do agree with that. And they also support to maintain the immutability of your application build. You don't have to regenerate your Docker image again and again for different environments. Until this point everything is perfect. Now coming to the disadvantages like we saw whenever we are trying to use this approaches, it often involves executing separate commands with the help of Java commands or manually setting up the application, which means we need to inject these CLI arguments, JVM properties, environment variables manually at some point of time, like maybe inside the CI/CD pipelines. So this process again may introduce potential errors during the deployment. And again, you can see you need to dependent on someone like there should be some human setting up all these externalized configurations during the startup of the application. And doing that for all instances for all the microservices is going to be super challenging. Though you can automate most of these tasks with the help of CI/CD pipelines like GitHub actions or Jenkins. But still there is a chance that someone can mess up this process. So that's a very first limitation that we have here. The next limitation is if you have hundreds of microservice, then you will also have thousands of configuration properties that will evolve and changes on day to day basis. So just like how your application code, you should also follow the strategies to store and maintain the versioning of your configurations and properties based upon your release. And at the same time, you should also support the auditing functionality like who access to your configuration, which clients access to your configuration data. With the spring boot profiles alone, we are putting all our configurations inside the source code itself. So anyone who has access to my source code or Docker image, they can easily understand all my configurations and it is not a wise decision to expose all the configurations to anyone. That's why it is always recommended to store our configuration separately inside a centralized repository where it supports all kind of versioning, tracking revision and auditing the configurations. Right now, Spring boot and profiles cannot provide this advantage. That's why we can call this as an limitation. And whenever we are trying to use environment variables, they lack granular access, like whoever has access to your production server, like all the server admins, they can see your environment variables. May be you are trying to configure database credentials as some sensitive properties with the help of environment variables because you don't want to mention them inside the application.yml file or inside the profile files directly. Since that is going to expose your sensitive information to everyone. But even if you try to follow the environment variables with this approach, also your server admins will be seeing your environment variables. That's why this is considered as a serious security limitation. Inside the microservices, we will deploy multiple instances of a single microservice like we have three microservices like accounts, loans and cards. But if we decided to deploy three instances of each microservice, then there will be total nine Docker containers or total nine instances will be running inside your production in such scenarios, providing all these externalized configurations with the CLI arguments, JVM properties or any other approach is going to be super, super challenging. And here I'm just talking about three microservices where each one has three instances. Think like 100 microservice, where each one has at least five instances, then the number of instances are going to run inside, your production is going to be 500 instances. You can imagine, even if you have a single manual task involved for a microservice, the same has to be repeated in all the microservice. That's why this approach is not going to work. When you are trying to deploy multiple instances of your microservices. The next limitation is around the security. Think like you want to provide the database password to your spring boot container or your spring boot microservice, regardless of whatever approach you use like CLI, JVM or environment variables or spring boot profiles, you need to mention the plain text password which can expose your password to everyone. And these approaches, they are not going to support any encryption or decryption and storing the secrets securely inside your application. So that's why this is also going to be a security limitation. And the last important limitation is, with all these approaches that we have discussed as of now, whenever you want to change the property value at runtime, you need to definitely restart your application. Suppose if I want to change a property value, once the microservices instances are started, then definitely I need to change this property and restart all of my containers or microservices, which is not again a good way to handle this. The microservices should be able to automatically read the latest property value without the restart. With spring boot alone, this is not going to happen. Every time we want to change something, we need to restart the application or microservice. So with all these limitations, definitely we cannot use spring boot alone to manage the configurations inside the microservices applications. If you are seeing someone using spring boot alone to handle the configurations inside the microservice, then there are two chances. Either the project is very small in nature where they have, with a very limited number of properties with very low severity applications, or they may not be knowing the advanced options that we have to handle these kind of scenarios. So since you are my student and you have taken this course, don't worry, you are not going to be in such scenarios. I'm going to teach you how to overcome all these challenges with the help of an advanced option, which is using spring cloud config server. I know you're super, super excited. Let's try to start the journey of spring cloud config server from the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.