In the previous lectures we discussed on how to manage configurations inside the microservices with the spring boot alone and when we follow Spring boot alone to maintain the configurations, we have a lot of limitations and drawbacks which we discussed in the previous lecture. Now, inside this lecture, let me try to introduce a better option or the recommended approach that you need to use inside any organization where they are building hundreds of microservices. This option is by using the spring cloud config. Inside the spring ecosystem, there is a project with the name spring cloud config just to handle the configurations inside any cloud native systems like microservices or any cloud applications that you are trying to build. In this approach, we are going to have a centralized configuration server, which means we need to build a separate application that is going to act as a configuration server with the help of spring cloud config. Using this centralized configuration server, we can overcome all the limitations and drawbacks that we discussed in the previous slide, and whenever we are using this approach, your centralized configuration server is going to provide server and client side support for externalized configurations in a distributed system like microservices, which means all your individual microservice, they can register as a client with this spring cloud config server and this spring cloud config server can act as a centralized configuration server. It will be more clear when we start implementing these inside our microservices. For now, please note that this configuration server which we are going to build with the help of spring cloud config, it is going to act as a central place to manage all your external properties or configurations for all your microservices across all the environments. The centralized config server that we are going to build with the help of spring cloud config revolves around two core elements. The very first one is you are free to store all your configurations or property files inside any location, like you can store inside a GitHub repo or inside a file system or inside a database. You choose a location where you want to store all your configurations and properties securely. Once you store all your properties or configurations, then these configurations are where is going to oversee the configuration data within the data store, facilitating its management and distributing to multiple applications like microservices. So let's try to understand more details about these two core elements. Like I said, in the very first step, you can save all your configurations and properties inside a centralized repositories, and this repository can be a database or a GitHub repo or a file system or inside your classpath and there are many other options that spring cloud config server supports to store your configuration properties. I'll be showing all those options by looking at the official documentation of spring cloud config server. So once we store all these configuration properties inside a centralized repository. As a next step, you you're going to create a configuration server with the help of spring cloud config and this is going to load all the configurations by connecting to your centralized repository. So now you are config server holds the properties of all the microservices and environments. Now as a next step, our individual microservices, they can connect with this config server as a config clients and they can load the configurations during the startup by connecting to this configuration service. So this is how it is going to work. Like you can see, there are three microservices like loans, accounts and cards, all of them during the startup They will connect to these centralized configuration server. This way we are delegating all our properties and configurations to an externalized location and all our microservices they are going to read these properties during the startup based upon the profile that is activated. Apart from supporting all the features of Spring Boot, this config server also overcome all the limitations that we have discussed in the previous lecture. So let me show you more details about this project inside the Spring official website. This is the official website which is spring.io. Here you can hover on this projects and click on this spring cloud. Under the Spring Cloud there are many other sub projects that will help you various challenges while you are building cloud applications or cloud native applications or microservices. Right now we are looking for the spring cloud config, so you can click on this spring cloud config and this is the project that will help you to build a centralized config server that is going to provide server and client side support for all your externalized configuration in a distributed system. I'm assuming you are at least getting some sense. What is the purpose of this spring cloud config? Don't worry if something is not clear. When we start implementing these inside our microservices applications, then it is going to make more sense to you. Now before I try to close this lecture let me give a quick introduction about this spring cloud project inside the spring ecosystem. Like I said before, the Spring Cloud provides various frameworks or projects for developers to quickly build some of the most common patterns of microservices or any other cloud native applications. For example, we already saw spring cloud config is one such framework or project available inside the spring cloud, which is going to help us to overcome the challenge or to implement a common pattern which is maintaining the configurations inside the microservices environment. Very similarly, Spring Cloud also has various other projects, which is going to help us to overcome the challenges and implement common patterns like service registration and service discovery, routing and tracing, load balancing, spring cloud security, distributed tracing and messaging. These are the most commonly used projects inside the spring cloud. But apart from these, there are many, many other projects available inside Spring Cloud. Inside this section, we are going to focus more on spring cloud config since right now we are focusing more on the configuration management. But please note that we are going to use majority of the projects available inside the spring cloud inside this course to overcome the challenges and implement common patterns inside our microservices. So this is a very quick introduction I want to give about Spring Cloud. This spring cloud is different from Spring Boot. I hope you are clear from the next lecture, let's start the journey of spring cloud config. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.