Inside this lecture, let's try to create a separate config server with the help of spring cloud config for the same as of now inside the section six folder we have a sub folder with the name v1-spring boot. And inside this we have all the three microservices with the name accounts, cards and loans. And inside these microservices we handle the configuration management with the help of spring boot alone. Now we are trying to move to a more advanced option and in the process I have to delete a lot of code inside these microservices, especially the configuration related files. That's why I don't want to make the changes related to the spring cloud config inside these v1-springboot. Instead, I'm going to create a one more folder indicating the version2. So let me try to copy this folder and paste it inside the same folder post that I will just rename this to v2. V2 indicates version 2-spring-cloud-config. This way you will have references for both type of changes. One is with the help of Spring boot and the other one is with the help of spring cloud config. So inside this folder if you go and try to look for the hidden folders, you will see a folder with the name .idea which is created and maintained by your IntelliJ idea. I want to delete this because this is belongs to the previous workspace that we have opened. So now we have created a new folder with the name v2-spring-cloud-config and inside this folder we can start making all the changes related to the config server. So first I want to create a new config server. For the same, let me go to the start.spring.io website. First I'll make sure that the language is Java and the project type is Maven. Post that I'm fine with whatever version right now we have, which is 3.1.2. Like I said before, always go with the latest stable version. I will be updating the code inside the GitHub repo every quarter to the most recent version. Now I want to mention that group details. The group details will be com.eazybytes. Post that, the artifact id that I want to mention is, config server. Since we are trying to build a config server for our microservices network, I want to mention this name which is config server. The same I want to consider under the name as well. Now coming to that description I'll just mention something like config server for EazyBankMicroservices. So once we mention this description, I'm fine with these package names, so please make sure you are giving the same details also so that your code and my code always look similar and that will help you to identify any mismatches easily. So the packaging should be jar, coming to the dependencies the very first dependency that we want to add here is config server. So just look for config. If you try to see regarding configurations, we have two types of dependencies. One is Config Server and the other one is Config Client. Whenever we are trying to build a centralized configuration server, we need to make sure we are selecting the dependency which is Config Server. You can also see the description central management for configurations via Git, SVN or HashiCorp Vault or any other approaches. Whereas config client you should use whenever you are trying to connect your microservice with the Config Server. So inside your individual microservices like accounts, loans and cards, you need to add this dependency which is Config Client. For now, I'm going to select this Config Server since we are trying to build the configuration server post this, I want to add one more dependency which is Actuator. So Spring Boot Actuator like we discussed, it is going to support to monitor and manage our applications, such as application health, metrics, session etc. . So please add this dependency as well. After adding these dependencies, you can try to click on this Explore button which will show you the pom.xml. So you can see this is the spring boot version and this is the groupId, artifactId version and the description. Everything is matching with what we have given and the dependencies we have actuator config server and by default we'll get spring-boot-starter-test for all kind of spring boot project. Here the important information that I want you to observe is there is a spring cloud version mentioned and this version is 2022 .0.3, whereas the spring boot version is 3.1.2. Why we have complete different version numbers for Spring Boot and Spring Cloud. The reason is Spring Boot and Spring Cloud are two different projects inside the spring ecosystem. They will have their own version numbers. So when you try to create a spring boot project from the start.spring.io, the automatic mapping of the spring boot version to the spring cloud version will happen automatically inside this website. And it is also going to add a dependency to add these spring cloud related dependencies along with the version that we have defined inside the top, which is 2022 .0.3. Here you may have a question like what if I'm not using the start.spring.io to create springboot project. Maybe you're trying to add the spring cloud related dependencies to an existing spring boot project. In such scenarios, you can go to the spring cloud website. On this page, they have mentioned the spring boot release train along with the spring boot compatibility versions. So you can see for all the spring boot versions which are starting with 3.0 and 3.1, we should use the 2022 .0.3, whereas for the older versions very similar way they have mentioned all the spring cloud versions. So using this release mapping between Spring cloud and spring boot, you should be able to easily identify the spring cloud version. And here I want to share you a fun fact. If you see all this spring cloud versions, they have a name like Dalston, Edgware, Finchley, Greenwich, Hoxton, Ilford, Jubilee and Kilburn. Do you know how these names are derived? If you are from London, you should be easily identify these names. So all these names are derived from the substation or metro stations inside the London City. You can see there are also following an order like d,e, f, g, h, i, j, k. So this is a fun fact that I came to know. If you are from London, please enjoy this fun fact. And for others it is still a good information to know about it. Now we can go to the start.spring.io and click on this close button and I can click on this generate button. This will download a new project into your local with the name config server. So let me copy the config server project into our workspace. So I'm into the folder which is v2-spring-cloud-config and here we have only three microservices. Now I'm going to paste the new project that we have generated with the name config server. So let me double click on this and extract this folder so the extraction is completed. Now I can remove this .zip package that I have now as a next step I'll go to my IntelliJ idea and open this folder which is v2-spring-cloud-config. So here I'm just clicking on this open. I'll go to storage, workspaces, Microservices, section6 and inside this we have folder which is v2-spring-cloud-config . So this will create a new workspace inside this folder. Make sure you are loading all the Maven projects by clicking on this load button. So from now onwards you are going to have four different maven projects like accounts, cards, config server and loans. Now as a next step, let's go to the config server and open the main class that we have, which is config server application. Here we need to mention an annotation to enable the config server functionality and the annotation is at the @EnableConfigServer. So this is the annotation. Once we mention this annotation we should be good. As a next step let's go to the application.properties inside this spring boot project which is ConfigServer. So as of now you can see we have application.properties, but like you know we are following the Yaml configuration inside this course. That's why I'm going to rename this to applicatio.yml so that we can start using the Yaml configuration. So let me open this application.yml. As of now it is an empty file. The very first configuration that I want to mention here is server port. So I will mention the port value as 8071. So throughout this course for config server we are going to use the port 8071 so please make sure you are also following the same. Otherwise you need to make lot many changes in lot many places throughout this course. So once we make these changes we have the config server ready inside our microservices network. But as of now there is no place for my config server to read the configurations. That's why we need to move all the required configurations of our microservices to a centralized location and we need to configure that centralized location inside this config server so that our config server will start reading from the centralized location. And there are multiple options that we have when we try to store all our configurations inside a centralized location right from classpath to file system, GitHub repository, database and at the same time we can also store inside the cloud like AWS S3. So there are many options. But inside this course I'm going to cover three different approaches which are like very common. The very first one is we'll store all the configurations of the microservices inside the classpath of the config server. And the second approach is we can store inside a file system. When I say file system, you can store anywhere inside your server or inside your local system and you can read the configurations from the particular folder inside your file system. And the third approach, which is the most commonly used, is with the help of GitHub. So let's try to discuss all these approaches one by one. I hope you are excited about these approaches. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.