Inside this lecture, let's try to store all the configurations of our microservices inside the classpath of our config server. Before I try to make those changes, first let me try to define a new property inside the application.yml of config server. And this property is spring and under the spring we need to invoke application. After the application we need to invoke name. So I'm trying to set a name for my config server. So whenever we are trying to set a name for our spring boot application, we can use this spring.application.name property. Or you can also follow this Yaml configuration inside your spring boot applications. So the name that I want to give here is config server itself. So please make sure you are giving a space after the colon and the name is config server. So from now onwards for all our spring boot applications we are going to give the name for them. Using these names, only the entire spring cloud config server concept is going to work. More details to follow. For now we just assign a name for our spring boot application and the name is config server. Now I'll go to the resources folder and inside this resources folder I'm going to create a new folder with the name config because inside this config folder only I'm going to store all the configurations related to other microservices. First, I'll try to get the configurations from the accounts microservice. You know, under this we have three different profiles like default, prod and QA. So let me try to copy these three values to the config server location. So under this config directory I'm trying to paste all these three new files. So here you can see we have three different files, but here there is a challenge for our config server. Like for accounts microservice we can mention these three files. If you try to bring the files of cards microservice and loans microservice or any other microservice, they are all going to have the same name. So that will create a lot of confusion to config server like which files it has to load, which properties it has to load during the startup. To overcome this challenge, all our property files, we should name them with our spring boot application name or with the microservice name itsel. For accounts, I'm going to set the spring.application.name as accounts in few minutes. That's why we can change the name of this application.yaml to accounts.yml. Very similarly, I will do the same for other file as well. Here I will just remove the application and mention accounts and with that the file name will be accounts_prod.yml. Since we are using this application_prod.yml inside the accounts.yml it is asking do we need to change the name inside the application.yml also. So we can click on this do refactor. That should be fine. Now, very similarly, I'm going to rename the file name of application_qa. So the file name is going to be accounts_qa. I'm going to click on this refactor and do refactor. And with this we have the three different files of accounts microservice, which are representing three different profiles. If you see under the accounts_qa as of now we have these properties, off course we need them because these are the properties that we are trying to externalize from our business logic. Here I don't need these property because I'm not going to use the approaches related to the spring boot since we are going to leverage spring cloud config, we can safely delete these property. With that, right now we have only the properties related to the build version and accounts microservice like message, contact details and on call support. So let me do the same for accounts_prod also here also I'm going to delete this and very similarly I'll go to accounts.yml and all these are the properties related to the accounts microservice and we don't want to externalize all these server.port h2 database related properties. So that's why we can delete these and we don't need to mention all the file names with the help of this spring.config.import. That's why I'm going to remove these configurations as well. With this inside the config server we have strictly the properties or the configurations for default profile, for prod profile and similarly for QA profile, I'm going to do the same for loans and cards microservice as well. So behind the scenes I'll make them and I'll come back in few seconds. I successfully created the property files related to cards and loans Microservice you can see there are six new files that I have created under this config folder, and these files have the microservice at the applications name itself like cards and loans. So we follow the same naming convention. If you can try to open any of these yaml file under this cards.yml we have all the properties or the configurations of cards microservice that we need to follow in the default or local profile. Very similarly, if you can open randomly loans-prod.yml here we have all the properties related to loans microservice that needs to be activated whenever we're trying to activate the prod profile. So now we have moved all the required properties into the centralized location which is inside the classpath location of my config server itself. I have to communicate to my spring cloud config server that I have stored all these files in so and so location. For the same, we need to open the application.yml of spring cloud config server. Here we need to create few configurations or properties. The very first one is spring.profiles.active. So we already have spring here. So just under the spring I can try to mention a new element which is profiles. After this profiles I'm going to mention a child element which is active under this active we need to mention a value which is native. So with this native I'm trying to tell to my spring cloud config server that I want to activate a native profile of spring cloud config server. So whenever we are trying to use a classpath to store all our configuration, we need to make sure we are activating this native profile. Once we define this profile activation details. Now under the same spring, we need to create few more properties like spring.cloud under the cloud config, after the config we need to mention server and after the server we need to mention native because we activated the native profile. Under the native, we need to mention search locations like search hyphen locations. With this property only, we are going to tell to the spring cloud config server where our properties are stored. Right now our properties are stored inside the classpath. That's why we need to give this classpath prefix followed by colon and post that we need to give the folder location inside your classpath which is config. So with this we should be good. We have made all the required changes. Now let me save this changes and do a build since we are trying to do the build very first time inside this workspace, it is trying to ask me to enable this annotation processing which is required for Lombok. So let me try to enable this and post that I'm going to do the build again. Now I will try to start my spring cloud config server in a debug mode and this will start my spring boot application at the port 8071. You can see this is the port number. Now the server is started successfully. How to validate if the server loaded all the properties from my storage location. For  the same we can try to invoke various get API paths that are exposed by the config server. So here we need to invoke the path which is localhost:8071/and what is the microservice name or application name that you want to check for the properties. So first let's try to check for accounts and inside accounts, multiple profiles like prod, qa, default. So here if you try to invoke the URL, which is localhost:8071/accounts/prod, you should get the properties related to the prod profile of accounts microservice. So let's try to access the same. So as of now you can see I'm getting the properties from the default profile from this file which is accounts.yml. Since there is an issue with my accounts microservice. So let's try to see what is the issue. I made a mistake which is like I have used underscore, whereas we should use hyphen, I have used the same hyphen for cards and loans but for accounts microservice I made a mistake here, so please allow me to correct this issue. So I'm going to rename this property file name to accounts-prod. So please don't use underscore. We should use a hyphen. So let me try to rename the show as well. You can see a single character is creating such a major issue inside the application. So now we should be good. Let me restart the application after doing a build, so I'm just stopping my application and trying to start the application again. So here I'll try to access the account/prod. You can see we are getting the properties from prod profile and default profile. That's the expected behavior because by default all the properties inside your default profile will be loaded. Apart from that, since you are trying to access the prod profile, it is going to load the properties related to the prod as well. So these are the prod profile properties and these are the default profile properties. And during the startup of our microservice, they are going to ignore the default profile values and they will simply follow the prod profile if you try to activate the same prod profile. So let's validate the same for QA as well. For also we have two different properties. One is for QA and the other one is default profile. If you try to access a default profile, which is default, you will be seeing only the properties from the default profile. So this is quite expected. Now let's try to validate the same for loans default. So loans defaults also working fine. Similarly for cards default also working fine. I'll try to validate the qa cards profile. It is also working fine. Let me validate prod as well for cards, it is working fine. I can validate loans-prod, it is working fine. And at last we can also validate loans-qa as well. So with this all the profiles are loaded into my spring cloud config server like whatever configurations we have stored inside the classpath, all of them loaded during the startup of the config server. As a next step, we need to establish a link between the config server and our individual microservice. So that during the startup of the individual microservice, based upon the profile that we are trying to activate these APIs of the config server will be invoked and the property details present inside them will be considered by our individual microservice. So that's our target right now we have and here you may have a question like how this Json is displaying for me very beautifully inside your case it might be showing very raw data or very raw Json. So if you want to beautify your Json inside your Chrome browser, always go for an Chrome extension with the name Json view. So please install this and post that, you should be able to see the Json in a readable format. So with this we have successfully created a config server and we are right now reading the properties from the classpath location. In the next lecture, let's try to establish the link between our microservices and spring cloud config server. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.