Inside this lecture, let's try to connect our accounts microservice with the config server that we have created. For the same, first I'll go to my accounts microservice and here first I can delete the prod and qa related yaml files. We no more needed them because we are right now storing inside the config server. So I can click on this do refactor and post that the deletion will complete after deleting the files under the application.yml. If there are any changes related to these config import we can delete them and post that we can delete all the changes related to profiles activation and build version. So I'm deleting all these properties here because we no more need them. So now I have the properties related to the server port. Spring data has to database only and there are no properties related to my spring boot profile files and the spring boot profile activation. As a next step, what I can do is, like I said, we should first give a name to our microservice. For the same, I'm going to create a new child element after spring with the name application. After this application, I'm going to create one more child, which is name. And here we need to give the exact name, which is accounts because we are trying to follow the same name inside the file name conventions that we have copied into the config server. So under the resources config folder you can see I'm trying to give the name as accounts, accounts-prod and accounts-qa. So please make sure you are giving the same name inside the accounts microservice by following the spring application name. Using these application name only your individual microservice is going to request config server, my name is accounts, please give me the properties related to me based upon the current activated profile. So we have this spring.application name. Maybe we can also create a property to activate a profile by default. So for the same we need to mention spring. Under spring we have to mention profiles, post profiles active. After this active, I'm going to mention the profile as prod, which means by default, whenever my accounts microservice is being started, it will activate based upon the prod profile. If you want to change this behavior from an external configuration, you can always pass this property which is spring.profiles.active with the help of command line arguments or environment variables or JVM system variables like we discussed in the previous lectures. As a next step, we need to go to the pom.xml of accounts microservice inside the accounts microservice. We need to add a dependency related to the spring cloud config client. So here the start.spring.io you can delete these dependencies and search for config client. So this is the dependency that we need to add for the client applications who are trying to connect with your config server. So after selecting these, if you can click on this explore you will get the dependency details. So let's copy this starter project details. And the same I'm going to mention inside my pom.xml of accounts microservice just after this spring boot starter web. So now I have mentioned this since very first time inside our accounts microservice. We are trying to add the dependencies related to spring cloud. We should also create a property defining what is the version of Spring cloud we want to use. If you go here, we already have this property, so let's copy this one and paste it just after the Java version and post that, we should also make sure we are copying these dependency management related configurations. The same we need to mention just about the plugin related information. So here I have mentioned this dependency management like this is the groupId of the spring cloud and this is the artifactId and this is the spring cloud version that I want to use. So once we make all these changes, we can click on this load Maven changes which will download all the required dependencies into your accounts Microservice. As a next step, we need to communicate to accounts microservice about the endpoint details of config server. That's why we need to go to the application.yml of accounts microservice. Here we need to create an property which is spring.config.import. So we already have spring element here. So just after the spring I will create a child which is config. And after this config I'm going to mention import and this import I'm going to pass the URL details of config server and here the URL details that I want to mention is config server colon http localhost 8071. So this is the port of our config server. So there is no confusion here. This is the localhost that we need to mention inside the local environment. Now you may have a question like why do we need to mention this config server prefix? So this is an indication to accounts microservice or any other spring boot application that, it is going to connect with the config server and don't get confused with the name of the config server that we have choose. Like here, we also choose the name as config server. Regardless of whatever is the application name of your config server, we should still use the same exact word, which is config server. And just before this config server we can also mention optional colon. So with this optional what we are telling to the accounts microservice is, if it is not able to connect with the config server for whatever reasons, it can still continue to start the microservice application. If you have a scenario where your properties are super important for your microservice and without them you can't perform any business logic, then you can remove this optional. But in our case, since these are not going to be super critical, I have mentioned these optional with this even my config server is not started before the accounts microservice. My account service is not going to throw any exception or error during the startup. It will just throw a warning and it will continue to start the microservice application. So once we have defined these properties, we should be good. Now if I try to start my accounts microservice, it will go and connect with the config server during the startup. And since we are trying to activate a profile prod with this property here, it is going to fetch only the properties related to the prod profile. And the properties whatever we have defined inside the accounts-prod.yml will be loaded by the accounts microservice. So are you ready to see the magic? So let me go to the accounts microservice and try to start this microservice. So I'm right clicking on this and clicking on this debug option. With this, my accounts microservice will try to start at the port 8080. So let's try to understand the console here. If you scroll up, you should be able to see some statements related to the config server. You can see it has identified the profile right now activated is prod. That's why it is trying to connect with the config server and it is trying to load all the relevant properties from the config server. So now let's go to the postman and try to test these changes. inside my postman I'm trying to invoke this contact-info. You can see I'm getting the message related to the prod and the contact details as product owner and the call support which are present inside the prod profile, we can also test the build-info API. So let me click on this send button and we are getting 1.0 like we expect. And Java version is going to work all the time very similarly because we are not storing any environment variables inside the spring cloud config server. These environment variables will work based upon the environment variables that you have created inside your local system. So whenever we try to test this, it will simply give the JAVA_HOME path location. So that's why don't get confused why we are not testing Java version whenever we are trying to test config server related changes. As of now we are starting the accounts microservice with a default profile, which is prod, but let's try to activate a different profile from an external configuration and see if our microservice is able to fetch the relevant profile properties from the config server. For the same, I'm going to right click on my accounts application and click on this Modify Run configurations post that here under the program arguments, I'm going to pass the command line arguments. So the prefix that we need to mention is two hyphens. Post that spring.profiles.active = qa. So here I'm trying to activate a different profile which is qa. After mentioning these details, I can click on this apply ok. Now I'll try to stop my accounts microservice first post that I'll try to start the application again. So I'm trying to start in a debug mode. So this time it should load the qa related profile properties from the config server. We can confirm the same by testing this build info API. You can see we are getting 2.0 and at the same time if you go and test the contact-info, we are getting the properties from the qa profile. So this confirms that our accounts microservice is perfectly integrated with the config server and we have moved all the properties of accounts microservice to a different centralized repository, which is config server. Now as a next step, my request is by the next lecture, please make the similar changes inside the cards and loans microservice and make sure they are also integrated with the config server. You can also test their respective REST APIs if you face any issues. Don't worry, I'm going to show the code changes inside the loans and cards microservice very quickly, so that it is pretty clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.