I hope you are successful at integrating your cards and loans microservice with the config server. If you encountered any issues, don't worry, I'm going to quickly show you the changes that we need to do inside cards and loans microservice. And in the process you can also observe which step you have missed and accordingly correct the code inside your local setup as well. First, let's go to the loans Microservice under the loans microservice, inside this resource folder. First, I have deleted the files related to the prod and qa profile. Post that inside the application.yml. I have deleted all the properties that we have mentioned previously and mentioned this new property which is spring.config.import. And to this I have mentioned the endpoint URL details of the config server by following the syntax Like you can see here. After introducing this new property, I also created one more property which is spring.application.name and the name has to be loans and this name has to match with the file names that you have given inside the config server for loans microservice. And by default I'm trying to activate a profile prod for loans microservice. So these are the changes that I have done inside the application.yml files that we need to go to the pom.xml. Inside the pom.xml, we need to make sure we are adding this spring cloud version which is 2022 .0.3. After mentioning this version, we need to make sure we are mentioning a starter project details inside our pom.xml and this dependency is related to the spring-cloud-starter-config. Once we have defined these details, we need to make sure we are adding these dependency management details. So with these configurations only the integration between Spring cloud and spring boot will work, otherwise it is not going to work. So once we make these changes inside the pom.xml, we need to make sure we are rebuilding our application and starting the application at the port 8090. So right now my loans application, it is already started. You can see it's already in running status. We can quickly go to the postman and try to validate if our changes are working fine and the integration between the loans and config server is working or not. Here under my Postman under this loans folder, I'm going to open the API related to the build-info. So I'm trying to invoke this and you can see we are getting the output which is 1.0 from the production profile. Very similarly, if we try to invoke the contact-info it will return the contact details from the prod profile which is so and so message so and so contact details and on call support. So this confirms our integration is working by making the changes that we have discussed. Very similarly, let's try to validate quickly for the cards microservice as well. So for cards microservice also it is going to be the similar process. First we need to go to the resource folder and we need to remove all the unnecessary Yaml files and inside the application.yml. After removing all the unnecessary properties, please make sure you are introducing a new property with the name spring.application.name and the value has to be cards and this value should match with whatever file name that you have mentioned inside the config server. After this, by default we are trying to activate a profile of prod and at the end we should also mention the spring.config.import with the config server details. After making this application.yml changes. The next change we have to do is inside the pom.xml. Inside the pom.xml, we need to make sure we are adding this new dependency which is spring-cloud-starter-config and post that we should also add the version related to spring cloud. After adding all these details towards the end just above your plugin details, we need to add these dependency management details. Once we make all these changes we can start our loans microservice at the port 9000, but please make sure you are rebuilding your cards microservice once you have made all these changes. So as of now, inside my local system, the cards microservice is already running. You can see it is right now in running state, we can quickly validate the integration between cards and config server by testing few REST APIs. So I'll go to my cards folder. Here I'm going to click on this build-info and click on the send button. You can see we are getting 1.2 as the response. Similarly, I'll try to invoke the contact-info, here also, we are getting all the property details from the prod profile. This way we successfully integrated all our microservices with the spring-cloud-config-server. Right now all the properties of my microservice are being maintained by my spring-cloud-server. Regardless of how many microservices you have, like 3 or 100 microservices, the process is going to be the same. But as of now we are storing all our microservices inside the classpath of config server. This approach may work for few projects and few other projects they may not like this approach because you are trying to store all your configurations inside the config server itself. Like if someone have the access to the code of config server. Then definitely they can also see the properties present inside the config server classpath. That's why inside the next lecture let's try to discuss on how to store all our configurations inside a file system location, so that we can separate the configurations from the spring cloud config server. I hope this is clear. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.