Inside this lecture, Let's try to maintain all our configurations inside a file system location and using the same location, we can try to start our spring cloud config server. And here you may have a question like why some projects they prefer to use file system approach. Using file system approach. You are going to maintain all the required properties inside the server location where your microservice is deployed. And this approach has an advantage like your server admins, they can enforce some security restrictions. Like no one can open that folder and no one can see the content of that folder except your config server application. So that's why few projects they follow this approach as well. Now let's try to understand how to store all our configurations inside a file system location. So behind the scenes what I have done is I have taken all the files inside my config folder. You can see all these files that I have highlighted. I have copied to a location inside my local system. So this is the location where I have copied. And here if I try to show you the path where I have stored, you can see I have stored under the users, eazybytes, documents, config. So this is the folder location like where I have copied. If I try to navigate outside there is a config folder and this config folder is present inside the documents. And this documents is present inside the eazybytes and this eazybytes is present inside the users, which is the root location inside my system. So now I have the configurations successfully copied into a file system. As a next step I need to open the application.yml inside my config server. As of now you can see we have mentioned the search location as classpath. Instead of this we need to provide a new search location. Here I'll try to comment this existing one for your reference post that I'm going to copy the same search location property and mention the same here inside the native element. So now here instead of classpath path, I should mention file after the file I need to give the colon and after the colon, I need to make sure I'm giving three forward slashes followed by what is a folder path or the file system path where I have stored my configurations inside my local system or inside my local server. So you can see user, eazybytes, documents, config. This is the folder location. Since I'm using macOS, my folder location will be like this. But if you are using Windows operating system and if you stored inside C drive or D drive, please make sure you are mentioning the same. I can also provide an example here. For example, if you have stored inside the config folder of C drive, then you can mention C colon two forward slashes and your folder name, which is config. So this is how you need to mention inside your Windows operating system. So let me revert back to my local folder structure which is user,eazybytes, documents, config. And we need to make sure we are mentioning two forward slashes between every folder and after this file colon prefix, we need to make sure we are mentioning three forward slashes. With this now my config server will point to a new search location and this new search location is following the approach of file system. Now I can stop all my microservices including the config server and do a build. As a next step, first I can start my config server because like we know before we try to start all the individual microservices we need to start the config server. So the config server started successfully post that I'm going to start my accounts application followed by loans application and at last cards application. So all my microservices are also getting started successfully. First, I can quickly try to test my config server URLs. So first I'll try to test prod profile of loans microservice. I'm able to fetch the properties. You can see the location it is showing as user, eazybytes, documents, config, loans-prod.yml. . This confirms we are successfully able to load the configurations from a file system location. Very similarly, I can randomly test for cards as well, followed by accounts as well. So accounts microservice profile is also getting loaded properly. Now as a next step, let's try to test the integration between our individual microservice with the config server. I'm not going to test all the APIs. Let's try to test randomly for cards Microservice by invoking this contact-info, you can see we are getting the prod related properties because by default for all of our microservice we have activated the prod profile. I hope you are clear with the changes that we have done inside this lecture to read the configurations from a file system location. The only change that we have done is to change the value inside the search location from classpath to file along with the folder location. The profile has to be native only inside your spring cloud config server. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.