Inside this lecture, Let's try to understand how to store all our configuration properties inside a GitHub repo. Using the same GitHub repo, my config server can try to load and read all the properties during the startup. And this GitHub approach is the most recommended approach because when you try to store your properties inside GitHub repo you will get multiple advantages like you can properly secure your GitHub repo. So that no one can access it. And at the same time it is also going to support versioning, auditing, in future maybe down the line after one two years if you want to understand what is the property that we use to have two years back or one year back, you can always see the history inside the GitHub repo, whereas other approaches like file system and classpath it is nearly impossible to track such versioning changes. So in order to get started with the GitHub approach, first we need to move all our properties into a GitHub repo. Behind the scenes I have created a GitHub repo. You can see this is the GitHub repo with the name eazybytes-config. Inside this GitHub repo, like you can see, I have uploaded all the properties related to the accounts, cards and loans microservice. And apart from that you may also see other Yaml files like Eureka server, Gateway server. So for now don't worry about them. We are going to use them in the coming sections. So please focus on only the accounts, loans and cards microservice Yaml files. If you try to open any of them, the same content is present, whatever we have discussed previously. So now you can see as of now I made these repository as public so that my students can access these and they can also use inside their microservice while they are practicing. In real world, we can't make our GitHub repo as a public. Instead, we are going to make it as private repo, which means our config server has to authenticate with the GitHub repo whenever it is trying to connect during the startup. I'll give some directions on how to provide security details, whenever you are trying to interact with a private GitHub repo from your config server. For now first let's try to connect with this public GitHub repo. For the same inside your public GitHub repo, first, please copy the value of https URL. So this is my https url value. So I'm just copying this post that we'll go to the application.yml of config server. Here inside the config server as of now we have activated the profile native and this native profile we should activate only when you are using the approaches like classpath, location and file system location. Whereas if we are using GitHub repo we need to activate the profile with the name git. So that's why I'm going to mention active post that I'm going to mention the profile name as Git. So please make sure you are mentioning this active under the profiles only. So I have mentioned this correctly. Like you can see this is the child under profiles. I just commented this so that it will be here for your reference. Now under the spring.cloud.config.server.native. We have provided the search locations, but right now we are not following the native approach or native profile. That's why. Please comment all these native related configurations. I'm trying to comment the search locations as well. Now inside this server, let's create a new child element with the name Git. You can see the same value we have to provide here. Under the git we need to create one more child element, which is uri. To this Uri, we need to pass the GitHub repository URL details. So this is my GitHub repository URL details. After mentioning these details, we should also mention one more child element under the gate which is default-label. Like you know, inside the GitHub repo we'll be having a label name for our branches. Inside my GitHub repo you can see the default branch name right now I'm using is main. That's why I have to mention the same. This default label element is going to helpful if you have multiple branches inside your GitHub repo. To avoid such confusion we need to always mention what is the default label or what is the default branch that your config server has to connect. After this property I'm going to mention one more property which is timeout. Under this timeout I'm going to give a value as five. So this represent that my config server should wait only for maximum five seconds and after the five seconds if it is not able to connect to my GitHub repo for whatever reasons, the config server should immediately throw an exception. So this will allow my config server to fail immediately and that will give an exception to the operations team or the developers team to understand if the GitHub repository is down or if the configurations that we have done related to the uri or any other properties is wrong or not, we can validate all such details. After the timeout, the next property that we need to mention is, clone-on-start. Start with the value true. With this property I'm telling to my config server. Please try to clone the GitHub repo into local system during the startup itself. If you don't mention these value as true, the cloning of the GitHub repo will happen only when the very first request come to your config server and this may result into some issues like your config server may get started properly, but when the very first request coming towards your config server like in the form of accounts microservice or cards or loans microservice, then it cannot clone and it cannot read the configurations. And in such scenarios it is going to create some issues on the accounts microservice. That's why we need to make sure we are cloning the GitHub repo during the startup of the config server itself. And the last property that I want to provide here is, force-pull. So to this force-pull. I'm going to mention the value as true. Sometimes you might have changed some local changes inside the local repo that got cloned inside your config server. By mentioning this force-pull as true. We are telling to override all the local changes whenever you are trying to start or restart your config server. This will make sure your config server always reading the properties from the master location which is GitHub repo. After making these changes we should be good from the code changes perspective. Let me save this changes and do a build post that I'm going to stop all my microservices including the config server. After all my services are stopped. As a next step I can first try to start my config server application. So let me start in debug mode and you can also check in the console that your config server will try to use the git profile and that's what happened here. Now as a next step, I'm going to start my AccountsApplication. Once the AccountApplication is started, I'm going to start my LoansApplication and after the LoansApplication I'm also going to start the CardsApplication. With this we have started all our services. First, let's try to understand if our config server is reading from the GitHub repo or not. Here I'm trying to load this URL, which is localhost:8071/accounts/prod. Here you can see as soon as I refresh the page I'm able to get the properties from the GitHub repo, the same you can confirm by looking at this GitHub url link that my config server is using to pull the properties. So these are the accounts prod related properties. As a next step, let's try to test the integration between the individual microservices and config server. Here I'm going to invoke the cards related contact-info. You can see I'm getting a successful response from the cards microservice, which means my cards microservice during the startup it might have connected to the config server and asked for the properties related to the prod profile. With this right now our config server is pointing to the GitHub repo and this is the most recommended approach and this approach has many other advantages which we are going to discuss in the coming lectures. Throughout this course, we are going to use this GitHub approach. Now you may have a question here. Are there any other approaches that we can use because different projects may have different requirements. So let's try to understand the same by looking at the official documentation of the spring cloud config server. Here inside the spring website, you can click on this spring cloud config. So I'm just clicking on this which will open the spring cloud config related information. Now in order to check the official documentation details, you can click on this learn and post that you can click on this reference doc of the latest version. With that, you will be redirected to the official documentation. If you can click on this spring cloud config server and scroll down there is a lot of information about the spring cloud config server. If you ask me to talk about spring cloud config server, I can talk for ten more hours. So this subject is very huge. That's why if you have any questions, any time, I would always recommend you to come to this page and check for the information available about the spring cloud config server. Suppose if you are trying to look for the information on how to use a private GitHub repository, then you can come to this git backend and here there'll be a section explaining about authentication. You can see and this authentication we have the information on how to pass a username and password of your GitHub repo. But if you are not comfortable mentioning the username and password, you can also make this work by following the SSH standards. So please read this official documentation for more details. Now, very similarly, if you are using AWS codecommit just like how we are using GitHub repo in such cases you can refer to this section and similarly Google cloud source if you are using you can refer to this section and git SSH configurations you can achieve with the help of these properties. Like what is your what is the host key? What is the host key algorithm? What is your private key. Post that if you can scroll down, we have various approaches explained like file system backend, which we already discussed. And if you are using some vault, you can refer to this vault backend. And similarly, if you can scroll down, there is also information about CredHub server, AWS secret manager and very similarly parameter store Jdbc backend in case if you have plans to use database to store all your properties, you can refer to these Jdbc backend. This way this official document has a lot of information. My request is whenever you have some requirements which we have not discussed inside this course, this documentation can be a great resource for you to get started. I want you to be empowered always. Like you don't have to depend on others. You can always refer to the official documentation to get most of the information. Whatever courses that you find inside Udemy or YouTube or any other place, they will only make you the subject simple and they will try to explain the concept. Once you are clear with the subject and concept, any complex scenario that you have, you can always try to achieve by referring to the official documentation most of the times. That's how you can try to get promoted yourself from junior developer to senior developer. Always remember your number of years of experience doesn't matter. The knowledge that you carry only is a matter. I hope you are clear with all the information that we have discussed inside this lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.