As of now, we have all the configuration properties inside the GitHub repo and right now we are in a good position because we are following the most recommended and production standard approach. But sometimes we may want to store our properties in an encrypted format. Currently inside our GitHub repo we stored all the properties in a plain text. What if you have a scenario where you want to store the property value in an encrypted format so that even if someone has access to your GitHub repo or if someone by accidentally open your GitHub repo, they should not be able to see your sensitive property details. That's why it is always advisable to encrypt sensitive properties like passwords or any URL details, folder structures or any other sensitive information. Inside this lecture, let's try to understand how spring cloud config server is going to help in this scenario. For the same, first, we need to go to the application.yml of config server. Here we need to create a property with the name encrypt. Post that encrypt, we need to mention a child element with the name key. So to this encrypt.key we need to provide what is the secret that my spring cloud config server can use to encrypt the properties and to decrypt the properties? Always remember whenever you are trying to provide a secret key, it has to be super complex so that it is going to be very tough for the hackers to guess it. If you just keep some simple keys like one, two, three, four, five or password or Abcdef. So such keys are very dangerous to use inside any application. We should use a key, which is very complex to guess. That's why here I'm going to mention some complex key. And the key like you can see it is a very complex key and it is really impossible for anyone to guess this key. And this is completely random key. You can create your own key. There are many websites also online which will help you to generate a complex key for your encryption process. So this key can be any value, but please make sure it is complex in nature. Once we create this property inside our config server, it is going to expose, encrypt and decrypt related APIs. Using which it is going to encrypt or decrypt all our properties. So let's try to understand those properties. For the same, I'm going to save these changes and do a build post that I'm going to stop all my applications and for now I'm going to start only the config server application. So here, let me start in debug mode. Once our config server is started, we can go to the postman. Here inside the postman you can see under the config server folder. I have provided a new request with the name encrypt and this is going to support Http method post and the URL has to be your config server port number which is 8071 and encrypt is the path. To this path you can pass any kind of plain text value and it is going to give the encrypted value. And this encryption process is going to use the secret key that you have defined inside the application.yml of config server. So here I'm trying to encrypt a property which is the email inside my accounts prod profile. As of now you can see inside my accounts-prod.yml, under contact details, the email value is mentioned in a plain text value, so anyone who has access to my GitHub repo they can see the email value. Think like I want to encrypt this value inside my GitHub repo. In such scenarios, first you need to understand what is the encrypted value of your plaintext value. That's why I'm trying to take this plain text value from here. Now, inside the body of this post request, I need to select this raw option and please make sure you are selecting this text option because I'm just trying to send a simple text value. So here I have mentioned the email in a plain text. Now if I try to click on the send button, I will get an encrypted value. Now we have the encrypted value of the plain text value. We can copy this, encrypt value and go to the GitHub repo. Inside my GitHub repo like you can see as of now we have the email using the plain text value. Since we have the requirement to encrypt this email value, what I can do is, I can click on this, edit this file, and in the place of plain text value I'm going to mention the encrypted value. Please make sure you also have this double quotes. But here there is a challenge for my spring cloud config server. How it is going to differentiate between a plain text value and a encrypted value. To help spring cloud config server around this scenario, I need to make sure for the encrypted values I'm mentioning a prefix which is inside the curly braces, I have to mention cipher. So whenever my spring cloud config server sees this cipher which is a prefix to an value, then it assumes whatever value of the cipher is an encrypted value. So during the when it is trying to send these properties to the actual microservice, it is going to decrypt and send the values in a plain text value. This way, even if someone is trying to see the properties inside my GitHub repo, I'm fine because these are encrypted values. They cannot know what is the encrypted value until unless they know the secret key that I have mentioned inside the config server. As of now, the secret key we have simply configured inside the application.yml of config server. But in real production applications the secret key can be configured with the help of environment variables or CLI arguments or any other approach. So now let me commit these changes and commit directly into the master branch. As a next step, let's try to restart our config server so that it reads these latest values. So here I will stop my config server first post that I'm going to start my config server in a debug mode. Once my config server is started, we can validate if the config server is able to decrypt the value or not by invoking the application slash prod API inside the config server. So here I'm trying to invoke this API which is account slash prod available inside the config server. You can see I'm getting a response and here the email is decrypted. So this is the email which we initially encrypted. By the time config server is returning to the clients, it is going to decrypt with the secret key that we have mentioned. Now as a next step, let's try to start our accounts microservice and validate if my accounts microservice is receiving this email value in a plain text or in an encrypted value. So I'm trying to start my accounts microservice in a debug mode and I'll go to the postman. Inside my postman you can see this is the API that we need to invoke to get the contact-info details from the accounts microservice. As soon as I click on the send button, you can see I'm getting the prod profile related properties because by default the prod profile is activated. And the important check that we need to do here is, this email is coming in a plain text value instead of encrypted value. This way we can store any number of sensitive properties inside the GitHub repo using encrypted format. Like I said before, just like encrypted API path, the config server is also going to expose decrypt API as well. Let's try to test that decrypt by taking this value. So here I'm going to create a new request and the request will support post and the url is, localhost:8071/decrypt. Here for this API, we need to go to the body and make sure you are clicking on this raw and the format is text and mention the encrypted value. If I try to click on the send button you can see I'm getting a plain text value. Here I don't have to mention the cipher before my encrypted value because since we are already invoking the decrypt API, my config server knows that my developer or end user or the client application is going to pass the encrypted value only. Here again, you may have a question like if someone can easily decrypt my encrypted properties then what is the use of encrypting it? Like you said, inside production applications, your config server will work in a very different manner. Here we are able to invoke any API against config server very easily, but inside production applications, your platform team, they are going to deploy your config server behind the firewalls of your organization. That means no one can invoke the APIs of config server directly. Only the applications which are deployed within the firewall of the organization they can only communicate with your config server. On top of that, if you want to secure your config server, you can secure it with the help of spring security framework, just like any other spring boot application. I hope you are clear like how to encrypt and decrypt the properties. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.