As of now, inside our microservices network, we have three different microservices and there is a config server and we are able to read the properties from the config server during the startup of the microservices applications. So everything is working perfectly and you may think this is the end of the spring cloud config server and we may not face any other challenges in terms of configuration management. But inside this lecture I want to introduce a new problem that we may face inside the microservices environment in terms of configuration management. Think like you have your config server setup and all your microservices started by connecting to the config server they loaded the properties perfectly. All of a sudden you want to change a particular property inside your config server and the same you want to be reflected runtime without restarting your microservices. Here you may have a question, what is the problem that I have if I restart my microservices. Inside microservice It's not one microservice there are hundreds of microservices and there will be multiple instance for each microservice. So restarting your instances of microservices is again a manual task that someone has to take care. Whenever you bring some manual task inside microservice, then it is going to make your microservices setup very complex. That's why we should look for an option on refreshing the properties without restarting the microservices instances. For example, think like you have a feature flag which you have configured inside the config server. So based upon a feature flag like a boolean flag, you want to control the behavior of your microservice business logic. When the flag is disabled, you want to execute some other piece of code. These flags you want to change anytime inside the config server and you want the same to be reflected immediately inside your individual microservices without restart. So this is the most common scenario that projects will try to achieve inside their microservices network. That's why inside this lecture, let's try to focus on how to refresh the configurations or properties inside the microservices without restarting the instances. For the same, first we need to make sure all our individual microservices, they have the spring boot actuator dependency defined inside the pom.xml. So if you can go to the pom.xml of cards microservice and search for actuator, you can see there is a spring boot starter actuator already added the same we have added long back inside the loans and accounts microservice as well. So we have the actuator dependency inside our microservices instances. As a next step, we need to go to our Dto classes where we are trying to hold all our property details. So here we have inside accounts microservice there is a record class with the name AccountsContactInfo which holds all the properties that my microservice is going to read during the startup from the config server. With this setup we have a problem whenever we are using a record class, that means once the object of this AccountContactInfoDto is created during the startup. We cannot change the property values at runtime by invoking the setter method. Whenever you are using record class, all your fields are going to be final. Once object is created with the help of constructor, then there is no way to change the values inside the fields. That's why we need to switch these AccountsContactInfo to a normal class instead of record class. So let me remove the record and mention the class. After that we need to remove these syntaxes like we don't need to mention the fields inside these brackets. So I'm removing that now inside my class, I'm going to define all the fields. The very first one is private String message. Once I have defined this, I'm going to mention semicolon post that I'll mention private Map contactDetails, I'll mention the semicolon at the end and similarly I'll mention private before the List field, which is onCallSupport. So now we have the three different fields inside our class. As a next step, we need to mention @Getter annotation and @Setter annotation. So these are the annotations from Lombok using these annotations. Only my spring boot framework is going to get the fields and set the fields at runtime. Let me do the similar changes inside the LoansContactInfoDto also. So let me search for LoansContactInfoDto. Here I'm going to remove this record and change this to class. Post that I'm going to remove all these fields and remove these brackets after this, I'm going to get these fields from the AccountsInfoDto since we are going to maintain the same set of fields here also, this should work properly without any issues as an exchange like you know, I need to mention @Getter annotation followed by @Setter annotation. So let me do the same for CardsContactInfoDto also. So first I'll mention the Lombok annotations post that I'll change this record to class followed by I'll remove all these fields along with the brackets and I'll get the field names from the other classes that we have. And I'm going to mention the same under the CardsContactInfoDto. So we have made these Dto related changes in all the microservices. So this will allow our microservices to change the property values at runtime. After making these changes, I need to go to my application.yml of Accounts Microservice. Inside this application.yml, we need to enable the actuator API paths by default actuator is not going to expose all the management related API paths. That's why we need to specifically enable them by introducing a property here. So the property that I want to mention here is, management since we want to enable the management related APIs. So we need to mention this management at the root location. And at this management I need to mention end points, under this end points we need to mention web, after this web we need to mention exposure. After the exposure we need to mention include once we define this include element inside your property. We need to enable the actuator endpoint that will allow the refreshing the properties at runtime. Here instead of mentioning the refresh API alone. Instead we can mention asterisk value with this asterisk value I'm telling to my spring boot actuator to enable and expose all management endpoint supported by the spring boot actuator. And inside these endpoints only we are also going to have refresh related endpoint. Now we need to make the similar set of change inside loans and cards microservice also. So let me go to the application.yml of cards microservice. Under these cards microservice we need to open the application.yml. Inside the application.yml, I'm going to introduce the same property. Let me do the same for loans microservice as well. Inside the application.yml, I'm going to mention the same property. With this we have made all the relevant changes inside our microservices as a next step, let's try to start all our microservices post that we can try to change a property runtime inside the GitHub repo and see whether by default it is reflecting inside our individual microservices. So for the same first let me do a build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to stop all my applications. After all my applications stopped first I'm going to start my config server application. Once my config server is started successfully, I'm going to start my AccountsApplication followed by CardsApplication. After the CardsApplication, I'm also going to start the LoansApplication. Now all my microservices instances and config servers started successfully. As a next step, I will try to change the property values inside the GitHub repo. As of now you can see for the accounts-prod.yml. We have the message saying that, hello, welcome to EazyBank accounts related prod APIs. Here inside this message I'm going to replace this prod with the production, but before I try to replace that first let me show you right now our accounts microservice or other microservice they'll have the message with the prod value. So here I'm trying to invoke contact-info API for accounts microservice. You can see there is a prod APIs here. Very similarly, if I go to cards and invoke this contact-info here also we are getting prod APIs and the same I can confirm for loans also. So for loans also I'm just trying to invoke this contact-info which will have these prod APIs inside the message. Now let me go to the GitHub repo, here I'm going to click on this edit button and replace this prod with production. So I'll do the same for other microservices also. Before that, let me commit this file directly into the GitHub repo. Once I'm done with this accounts file, I'm going to open the cards related file. So cards-prod is a file which we need to change here. So let me click on this edit button and replace this prod with production. Commit the changes into the GitHub repo post that I'm going to open the loans-prod.yml. And here also I'm going to click on this edit button, replace this prod with production and commit the changes into the GitHub repo. Now first I'll show the config server behavior. Here I'm trying to invoke the account/prod API which is available inside the config server. You can see my config server has the latest property value which is production. This confirms whenever a microservice instance is trying to invoke this API path during the startup, my config server is not going to rely on the local cache. It is always going to check with the master copy which is available inside the GitHub repo and it is going to return the same latest values to the accounts microservice. The same I can confirm for loans also. For loans also we have this production similarly for cards we can confirm. So for cards also it is working fine. This means there is no problem in refreshing the properties on the config server. Now the only problem is our microservices should be able to read these latest values and we already know that microservices will only connect with the config server during the startup of the application. Now, in order to reflect these latest properties, we need to restart the microservices instances and we are trying to avoid that process because we need to avoid restarting our microservices applications as it will impact the traffic and as it involves manual process. So how to overcome this challenge? Like I said, actuator is going to expose an API with the name refresh. If you go to the accounts actuator like localhost:8080/actuator against this actuator, you will be having lot many APIs exposed. And here just look for refresh. So this is the path. If I try to invoke this, it is saying method not allowed because from the browser, always the history http get method will be invoked. But this refresh API supports only the post method. So that's why we need to go to the postman to invoke this refresh API. Before that, let me invoke all the contact info one more time inside my microservices to make sure the properties are not reflected as of now inside the microservices. So for loans you can see the same old prod is there. Similarly for accounts, the same old one is there. And now for cards I'm trying to invoke for this also, the same old prod value is here. As a next step, we need to invoke the actuator refresh URL for the same inside the accounts folder. You can see there is a request with the name refresh config. So let me click on this. You can see this is the URL that we need to invoke since we are trying to refresh the config of accounts microservice, we need to use the endpoint URL of accounts microservice instance like localhost:8080/actuator/refresh by default. This URL is never exposed inside your microservices. Since we have mentioned these configuration, inside all the microservices, all the management endpoints are being exposed. If you want to expose only refresh, you need to mention refresh here, but I want to go with Asterisk because in the coming sections we need to enable many other management endpoints. I hope you are clear. Now I'm trying to invoke this API. There is no need to send any request to data inside the body. It can be empty, but please make sure the Http method is post. I'm trying to click on the send button. You will get a response from your refresh API saying that accounts.message property is changed and the same right now is being refreshed behind the scenes. Apart from accounts.message, we are also getting one more property which is config.client.version . So you will always get these property whenever you change something on the GitHub repo because whenever a change happens, your config server is going to change the version number behind the scenes and the same it is trying to send to the config client applications like accounts microservice. We need to worry about this message only because this is the message which is going to impact our business logic. So now we refresh it. I'll go to the contact-info of accounts microservice. So this is the contact info of accounts microservice I have not restarted my accounts microservice. Are you ready to see the magic? As of now you can see the value here is prod. As soon as I click on the send button it is changed to the production API. That means we are able to change the property value runtime without restarting our accounts microservice. Now similar activity I have to do for loans and cards also. Now if you go and test the loans microservice, you can see it is still referring to the prod because we have not invoked the refresh API available against the loans microservice. So for the same, let's go to the loans folder and click on this refresh config and post that you can click on the send button. You will get the message saying that loans.message is changed behind the scenes. Now if you go to the contact-info and try to invoke this time, you'll get the production APIs. Let me do the same for cards also. For the same, first, I need to invoke this refresh config present under the cards. Once I get this response, I can go to the contact-info of cards and here I'm trying to click on this send button. You can see I'm getting the production as an output. I hope you are clear how we can refresh our property values runtime with the help of actuator refresh endpoint. Let's try to revise the steps that we followed very quickly here. I have mentioned all these steps that we have followed inside this slide so that it will act as a reference for you. The very first step that we need to follow is, we need to add the spring boot actuator dependency inside the pom.xml. After that, we need to make sure that actuator is exposing the refresh endpoint by adding the property management.endpoints.web.exposure include is equal to refresh instead of refresh. You can also mention asterisk value. Post that whenever you want to refresh your properties inside your accounts microservices or any other microservices without restart, you need to simply invoke the actuator path, which is actuator/refresh against your microservices instance. So let's try to visualize this. So you can see here in the very first step, we are going to push the new configuration data into the config repo post that we are going to invoke these actuator/refresh using the Http post method. So I'm trying to give a demo using the account microservice here. So now my account microservice behind the scenes it will ask the configuration server to give the property values which are changed compared to the previous version. So my config server it will go and try to pull all the latest changes from the GitHub repo in the in the step four and the same it will try to send back to the accounts microservice by following the step five and step six. And at last, since my account microservice is going to receive the property details which are changed, it is going to read them from the config server inside the step seven by reloading all the new configurations into the microservices without restarting of the application. So this is super, super perfect. But there is a serious drawback that we have inside this approach. The drawback is think like you have 100 microservices and each of them has five different instances, which means there will be total 500 microservices instances running inside your production. And for some reason you're trying to change the property in all the microservices. Then you need to invoke the refresh endpoint against all the 500 instances running inside your production. And doing this manually is going to be super, super cumbersome process. Some operations team are some platform team, they will try to automate this process by writing some scripts inside the CI/CD pipelines or they will try to write a Jenkins jobs or CI/CD jobs, which will invoke all the microservices instances, refresh and points. But still, it may not be a convenient solution for many projects. That's why let's explore this further and try to identify is there any better option that we have to refresh the properties dynamically without invoking this refresh endpoint for each and every microservice instance. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.