I said previously Inside Microservices network, the more responsibilities you take. You get more power from your microservices applications. Right now we set up our microservices with config server, but the problem that we are facing is, we have to invoke the refresh API for each microservice instance. Whenever we are trying to refresh the configurations at runtime without restart. If you want to avoid this, then definitely your organization are you should be ready to accept more responsibilities. So to overcome this challenge we need to use a new project inside the spring cloud, which is spring cloud bus. Like you can see this spring cloud bus links all the nodes of a distributed system with a lightweight message broker. And this can be used to broadcast the state changes, for example, configuration changes or any other management instructions. So whenever you are using the spring cloud bus behind the scenes this spring cloud bus is going to interlink all your microservices instances with a lightweight message broker like Rabbitmq or Kafka. With this, the advantage is you need to invoke a bus refresh api path available against your actuator only one time for one of the instance. If there are 500 instances running inside your production, you don't have to invoke the actuator refresh api for all your 500 instances. Instead, you can simply invoke bus refresh API for any of the instance inside this total 500 instances. With that, the spring cloud bus will take care of communicating the changes happened on the spring cloud config server to all other nodes are the instances connected to the same message broker like Rabbitmq? So in order to get started with this approach, first we need to have a rabbitmq running inside our local system. So this is the Rabbitmq website. I'm going to mention this inside the GitHub repo page as well. Here to get started, you can click on this Get Started button and click on this download and installation option. The very first and the easiest option that we can follow is, if you run this Docker run command, this Rabbitmq message broker is going to run inside your local as a Docker container. We already have Docker installed inside your system, so this is going to be a easiest option to install and set up Rabbitmq. You can see the power of Docker here. Without Docker, you need to download it, you need to install it, you need to start the Rabbitmq. So with the help of Docker, we are going to and avoid all those installation steps. So let me copy this command and I'll go to the terminal. Inside my terminal, I'm going to run this command. Whenever you are trying to set up Rabbitmq behind the scenes, it is going to install two components. One is a management component which which is responsible to manage your rabbitmq and provide the UI to the Rabbitmq. And the second one is a core component which is going to handle all the message-q related functionality. So we don't have to type these, we can simply get this command from the Rabbitmq website. Now I'm going to execute this command with that inside the same terminal. The Rabbitmq will start as of now It started, as a next step let's go to our workspace inside the pom.xml of all the microservices, including the config server. We need to add a dependency related to the spring cloud bus and rabbitmq. So let me go to the pom.xml of accounts microservice first. So inside this pom.xml here I'm going to add a new dependency just after my spring cloud starter config, so you can see I'm pasting a new dependency. This is the dependency. The dependency name is spring-cloud-starter-bus-amqp. With this we are trying to set up both spring cloud starter bus and message queue with Rabbitmq integration. Now let me try to add the same dependency inside all other pom.xml. So I'll go to my cards pom.xml. Here also just after my spring cloud starter config, I'm going to add the same. Post this we can go to the config server inside the pom.xml just after this spring cloud config server. I'm going to add this new dependency. Now let me go to the loans pom.xml and here I will try to add the dependency just after the spring cloud starter config. After adding this dependency inside all the microservices instances along with the config server, we need to make sure we are enabling the actuator API path which is bus refresh inside all our microservices instances. As of now, if you go and open the application.yml of accounts microservice or any other microservices, we have mentioned a property to expose all type of management endpoints. So that's why we don't have to make any more changes here because since we have mentioned this asterisk, it is going to enable and expose refresh path, bus refresh path and any other parts available inside the actuator. The same property we have mentioned inside the cards and loans. So we should be good with this property perspective. Now, as a next step, we need to provide the connection details of rabbitmq inside the individual microservices instances. We have all the setup needed and we also started the rabbitmq. But we need to establish a link between the microservices and the message queue by providing the connection details of the rabbitmq. For the same, inside the application.yml under this spring element, you can create a new child element with the name Rabbitmq. Under this rabbitmq mention the host value. The value of host inside our local will be localhost followed by what is a port number. The port number where we have started the rabbitmq is 5672. After the port we should pass what is a username by default the username is guessed after username we should also mention what is the password. The password also by default is guessed. So with these properties we should be good. The same set of properties we need to mention inside the cards and loans microservice as well. So let me go to the cards application.yml and here I'm going to copy the same set of values which is rabbitmq, host, port and username and password. As a next step, I can do the same inside the loans microservice as well, so I'm opening the application.yml just after this config. I'm mentioning the rabbitmq connection details. Even if you don't mention these properties still the connection will be established because these are the default values where my rabbitmq is going to be started. My spring boot is smart enough to consider the default values to connect with the rabbitmq, but I just mentioned here, for your information, in case inside your project, if you are using different port number and different username and password, then we need to mention these connection details inside the application.yml like you can see on the screen. Now, we made all the required changes as a next step I can stop all my microservices instances and try to load all the Maven changes. Since we have added the new dependencies like spring cloud bus amqp. We need to make sure we are doing a clean build so that all the required dependencies will be downloaded. Now the Maven clean build is completed inside my local system. As a next step, I can first try to start my config server application. Once the config server is started, I can try to start the remaining microservices that we have inside our workspace. So let me try to start my AccountsApplication followed by LoansApplication. After the LoansApplication, I can also try to start CardsApplication with this, All our microservices instances are started. Now what I will do is, I will try to change the this production back to the prod APIs. As of now, all our microservice instances started with the value of this production. We can also confirm the same by randomly testing this contact-info like for accounts microservice you can see we are getting production APIs. So now I'm going to change this production to the prod inside all the microservice Yaml files which are related to prod profile. So I'm just bringing back to prod. Let me commit this inside the lone-prod.yml post that I will go to the accounts-prod.yml and here also I will bring back prod and commit these changes to the GitHub repo after the accounts. I'm also going to do the same for cards-prod.yml. So let me click on this edit button. Change this value back to the prod and commit the changes to the GitHub repo. With this, now we have changed the property values once we start all the microservices. Now we can try to validate if the config server is able to read these latest values. So for cards prod you can see I'm trying to refresh the page. As of now we have production. As soon as I refresh the value will change to prod APIs. Let me confirm the same for accounts. For accounts also it is changed to prod. Now let me test for loans. For loans also it is changed to prod so config server refresh the properties without any restarts. Now as a next step, like I said, we need to invoke a bus refresh API endpoint inside any of the microservices instances running. You can see under the accounts folder we have a request with the name bus refresh, so please click on that. Here this API path also is going to support Http post and the path that we need to invoke is actuator slash bus refresh. So please observe here that right now the invocation is happening using my accounts microservice instance. Before I try to invoke this, I will try to show you the contact-info under the cards. Like if I try to invoke this API, as of now you are getting production. Post a bus refresh, you should be able to see the prod output. Now I'll go to the bus refresh and here, I'm clicking on the send button and we are getting a successful response with the response code 204. The server successfully processed the request, but it is not returning any content. That's why we are getting 204 behind the scenes my spring cloud bus since it detected a change happened on the config server version, it will communicate the same to all the microservices instances that are registered with the rabbitmq. Since the loans and cards microservices are also registered with the rabbitmq, the change might have communicated to them and they might have refreshed the properties without the restart of the application and without invoking these bus refresh or refresh endpoints. So let's confirm the same. First, I'll try to invoke the accounts API. So here, as of now we have production. Are you ready for the magic? You can see we are getting prod APIs. Now let me show you the super magic. Let's go to the cards microservice. I have not invoked bus refresh or refresh API available inside the cards microservice I'm trying to click on the send button. You can see the magic we are getting the reflected changes. We can also confirm the same for loans as well here, for loans also, we are getting the prod as an output. This way we are able to refresh the properties at runtime by invoking the bus refresh against only one of the running microservice instance. We don't have to invoke the bus refresh API path or refresh API path available against all your running instances. We simply need to invoke the bus refresh against only one of the running instance. But the condition is all other remaining instances they should be registered to the same message queue, which is rabbitmq in our scenario. Now, before I try to close this lecture, let's quickly summarize the changes that we have done inside this slide, I have mentioned all the steps that we have followed for your reference. In the very first step, we need to make sure we are adding the actuator dependency inside the pom.xml of all the individual microservices and inside the second step, we need to make sure to enable the bus refresh API of actuator. And to enable this we can configure this property inside your application.yml of your microservices. The property is management.endpoints.web.exposure.include the value can be asterisk or bus refresh. In the third step, we need to make sure we are adding the dependency of spring cloud starter bus amqp inside the pom.xml of all the individual microservices along with the config server. And in the last step we need to make sure we are setting up the rabbitmq inside your local system. And once the rabbitmq is started we need to provide the rabbitmq connection details inside the application.yml of all of your individual microservices and the config server inside the config server I have not mentioned as of now because like I said, if you started with the default values of rabbitmq, it is not mandatory, it is completely optional and spring boot is smart enough to connect with the rabbitmq with the default values. After making all these changes, everything is going to work like we saw in the demo. So let's try to see how the flow is going to work, whenever we are trying to use spring cloud bus, like you can see here, there will be a message broker in the middle, which is rabbitmq and all your microservices instances, including the config server, they will registered as a client with the message broker. With that setup in the very first step, you are going to push the new changes inside your GitHub repo post that you are going to invoke the actuator bus refresh on on any of the microservice instance. After the second step, your config service is going to trigger a config change event to the message broker and request the message broker to initiate the refresh on all the subscribed nodes. So behind the scenes your message broker communicate the same to all the registered microservice instances like accounts, loans and cards. And once this communication received from the message broker, all your instances are going to connect with the config service and they are going to reload the property without the restart like in the fourth step. So here you have taken the extra responsibility by setting up the Rabbitmq. So to achieve this setup inside the production also you should have the message broker installed and set up and the integration between your microservices and message broker always should work. So since you are going to take the extra pain or extra responsibility to to setup these, you are going to get the more power from your microservices in the form of an advantage, which is without restarting all your microservice instances and without invoking the refresh API on all your microservice instances, you are going to achieve the required results. But there is a drawback here also, someone has to invoke this bus refresh at least once without invocation of this bus refresh. The properties will never get refreshed on the microservices, so there is a manual task is involved. It can be a manual task or it can be some other setup you try to implement inside your system. regardless Regardless of what It is an approach that you follow. There is an extra burden on the operations team that they need to follow. Inside your organization, if they are fine to invoke this bus refresh manually or through some any other CI/CD job, we should be fine because we may not be changing the properties daily inside the production and at the same time we are not going to change the properties for all the microservices. So if it is a rare scenario inside your organization and inside your project, you should be fine with this approach. But what if you are going to change the properties runtime on a daily basis or very frequently? So is there any approach to avoid this manual work to invoke this bus refresh api. So let's try to understand the same inside the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.