As of now, inside our microservices network, we are able to refresh the properties runtime without restarting our microservice instances by invoking the bus refresh or refresh APIs available inside the actuator. They both have manual approach involved. Someone has to invoke either bus refresh on any of the one instance refresh API in all the microservices instances. But here we are looking for an automated approach which will automate the refreshing of the properties without invoking any API path manually. For the same, there is an option with the help of GitHub webhooks, so this approach is built on top of the spring cloud bus approach that we have discussed in the previous lecture. So all the changes that we have discussed in the previous lecture has to be there to use this approach as well. To get started with the new approach, first we need to add a new dependency inside the pom.xml of the config server. And this new dependency is spring cloud config monitor. We need to add this dependency only inside the config server, but not in the other microservices. Whenever we add this dependency inside the config server, it is going to expose a new API path with the name slash monitor. But this is not the API path under the actuator. This is a rest API path which exposed by the spring cloud config server only, but not the actuator. Using this monitor API path available inside the Spring Cloud Config server. We can create a webhook inside the GitHub repo saying that whenever a change happened inside my GitHub repo, like a new property is added, please invoke the monitor API path. As soon as this monitor API path receives a webhook request from the GitHub repo behind the scenes, it is going to invoke the A refresh event with the help of Spring Cloud Bus and RabbitMQ. I hope you are clear with the high level introduction. When we see the demo, it will be more clear for you. As a next step, I need to go to the application dot YAML of config server. Here we need to make sure we are mentioning the property which is management dot endpoints dot dot. Exposure dot include as asterisk. Because like I said, whenever the GitHub repo send a webhook request to the monitor API behind the scenes, my config server is going to use the Spring cloud bus. So that's why since behind the scenes it is going to invoke automatically the bus refresh API path. We need to make sure we are enabling all these management endpoints inside the config server as well. Now as a next step, we can also mention the RabbitMQ configuration details just to be consistent with all the microservices. Previously I said it is completely optional because as of now we are starting our RabbitMQ with the default values. So let me mention the same connection details inside the config server as well. So just here at the end, after giving a tab space, I'll be creating an element under the spring parent. The element is RabbitMQ followed by host port, username and password. I just want it to be consistent. That's why I'm mentioning this RabbitMQ connection details here. After making these changes we should be good. Let me save the changes now. As a next step, we need to go to the GitHub repo and create a webhook. So here you can see this is the GitHub repo where we are mentioning all the properties of the microservices. And at this GitHub repo you will be able to see the settings option. So I'm just giving a demo here. You can't create a webhook under my Easybits hyphen config repository because this is owned by me. If you want to practice this approach, please create your own GitHub repo. Very similar to easybits hyphen config. Now on this setting page you can click on this webhooks option that we have and post that try to click on this add Webhook button. The purpose of the webhook is whenever there is a change happen inside your GitHub repo, your GitHub is going to publish an event to the URL that you have configured. And all this is going to happen automatically whenever you try to push a new change. These webhooks are very famous and they are available in most of the git implementation products like GitLab, Bitbucket. So regardless of whatever versioning system you are using, you will be able to create these webhooks. So now here under the payload URL, I need to give the URL where the webhook request has to be sent by my GitHub repo. So let me give the URL which is http localhost and the port value is 8071. And the API path is monitor. So this is the API path that is exposed by the spring cloud config server, which my GitHub can invoke. But do you think this is going to work? Definitely. This is not going to work because we are trying to give a localhost URL. If I give a localhost URL, how GitHub server will know where this URL is deployed. I'm not giving any public IP, I'm not giving any domain name. It is clueless and it will eventually fail. In a production scenario, your operations team, they will configure a public IP or Our domain name in the place of localhost. But now how to overcome this challenge? So to help in these kind of scenarios we have some websites. So let's try to explore them. The website that I want to introduce here is hook deck Comm. So this is the website which will help us in testing the web hooks even with the local host system. So as of now, the GitHub server is not able to send a hook to our local system. But with the help of these mediator, we are going to resolve that challenge. So to understand how we are going to resolve, you can click on this test webhook that will take you to this console.com. Here you can see we need to add that destination details. So let's click on this add a destination. As soon as you click on this add destination, you will get the set of instructions that you need to follow inside your local host. So if you are using Mac OS, you need to follow all these instructions. The very first instruction is to install the hook deck related libraries inside my local system. For the same, I need to use this brief command. I already ran this command behind the scenes. That's why I'm not going to run this command again. Next, we need to login into this session from our local host system. So that's why we need to take these hook deck login command. So let me run the same command inside my terminal. So as soon as I try to run this command my local hook CLI will be configured with my remote console sandbox. As a next step we need to run this command, which is hook declaration command. I'm trying to run the same, but before you try to run this command, you need to provide the port number where your local host is trying to listen. So in our scenario, the config server is started at the port 8071. So let me run this command post that it will ask you what is the path? My hook deck has to redirect the request received from the GitHub repo webhook. So like we know the path is slash monitor. So let's try to mention the same slash monitor. After this I'm going to press the enter. And it is going to ask me what is the connection label which is our host name. So let me give the hostname as localhost. So I have given the hostname details port details and what is the API path details as well. So if I press the enter you will be able to see a new session will be created. Now it created a webhook URL which has some domain name, and this URL perfectly works inside the GitHub repo. And whenever a webhook request receives from the GitHub repo to this webhook URL, it is going to redirect that into my local system, which is at the path monitor. So let me take this webhook URL. You can see this also has https. So now inside my GitHub repo I'm going to add the new URL under the payload URL. So after I have added this URL, I need to make sure the content type is JSON and there is no secret involved in our scenario and post that you can see I want the webhook to be created are triggered only in the case of push event, which means whenever I make some changes I don't want in any other scenario, like whenever a pull bully is happening or whenever a new branch is created, I want to ignore all such events. Only I'm interested with the push event. That's why I'm fine with the default selection here, which is just the push event post that you can click on this add a webhook which will create a new webhook inside your GitHub repo. Now I'll go to my workspace and I'll try to start all my microservices along with the config server. So here I'm trying to do a build. Once a build is completed, I will first start the config server application. Once the config server application is started, I'm going to start accounts application followed by loans application followed by cards application. Now all my services started successfully inside my local including the config server. As a next step, I'll go to the GitHub repo and I'll try to change a property value. So inside my GitHub repo I'm going to the main repository location. And here I will try to make a change inside the cards hyphen prod dot YAML. So let me click on this and click on this edit button. As of now you can see we have the prod APIs here. Instead. I'm going to mention this time as webhook APIs. So just for fun, I'm just mentioning webhook here. Before I try to commit this change. First I'll try to invoke the config server API path and at the same time contact info API path available inside the microservice. So here you can see I'm trying to invoke cart slash prod. And the response. As of now you can see there is a value prod. So I'm just trying to zoom here. So you can see there is a value as prod. I can also confirm the same by invoking the contact info available inside the microservice. So let me try to invoke this. You can see we have the value as prod here. Now are you ready to see the magic? I'm just trying to commit this change, which means a push event will be generated by my GitHub webhook that I have created. So now let me go to the settings and go to the webhooks. You can click on this webhook that we have created. There is a tab which you can see the recent deliverables. You can see the very first time the thing happened to test whether the hook is working or not. Post that there is a push event happened by my GitHub. So inside this push there are all the details will be available about what file is changed like if you can scroll down you can see under this GitHub repo there is a change happened. So there are a lot of details here under this webhook. Let me search for cards here so you can see there is a commit information like what is the commit ID? What is the commit message that we have used which is like update cards, prod dot YAML which we have used. And at the same time under the modified list we have the modified file which is cards hyphen prod, dot YAML. Now I have not done anything. I have not invoked any bus refresh or refresh API path. Let's go to the terminal and see what is happening there. Here you can see initially when the ping request came. By the time we have not started the config server, that's why there is a error. But after we try to make the change a new webhook request came and by the time the config server started. That's why we are able to see these 200 requests like there is a Post request happen to this API path from the console session of the hook deck that we have created. Now first I'll try to test my config server response. So here I'm trying to refresh. You can see there is a webhook API. So there is no wonder here. This is always happening. The wonder that we want to see is inside the cards microservice. So here I'm trying to click on this send button. Are you ready to see the magic. So let me click on the send button. You can see we are getting the webhook. Hooray! So this brings a lot of happiness to me because we did a lot of hard work and we took a lot of discussion around this because all these are production ready scenarios. If you are working seriously inside any production application, all these are the approaches that you need to follow. That's why always don't go with the Hello world approaches or the simple approaches. I have demoed you all approaches inside this section. Please choose the better option which works for you. You can see we have taken the responsibilities like running a rabbit MQ, creating a webhook inside the GitHub. So if you take more number of responsibilities, the microservice is going to give more powers to you. Do you want to see this magic again? So let's try to see this magic again by reverting this webhook back to the prod. So inside my GitHub repo I'm going to the same file which is cards hyphen prod dot YAML. So let me click on this and click on this edit button. And now instead of webhook I'm going to go back to the prod APIs. So I'm trying to commit this. As soon as I commit there'll be a webhook request will go. We can confirm the same inside the terminal. You can see there is a new 200 response. Now I'm trying to click the send button again. We are back to the prod APIs. I hope you are clear. Now let's try to quickly discuss the steps that we have followed by referring to a slide. Inside this slide, I have mentioned all the steps that we followed in order to refresh the configurations at runtime using Spring Cloud Bus and Spring Cloud Config Monitor. The very first step. You know, we need to make sure the actuator dependency is added inside all the microservices, including the config server. Inside the second step, we need to make sure we are activating our enabling the bus refresh actuator API path by using a property like you can see on the screen inside the third step, we need to make sure we are adding a dependency, which is Spring Cloud Startup bus Amqp inside all the applications inside your microservices network. Inside the fourth step, we need to add a new dependency which is Spring Cloud config monitor inside the config server alone. And this will expose a new API path which is slash monitor. And in the fifth step, please start the RabbitMQ inside your local system with the help of the docker command that we have discussed. And in the last step, you need to create a webhook inside the GitHub, which will automatically send a Post request whenever a new push request is happening. So this new webhook has to send a request to the slash monitor path against the config server. So let's try to visualize these steps like you can see here, everything is going to be similar to what we have discussed with the Spring Cloud bus, but only the change that we are bringing with this option is we are adding a webhook between the git hub and the config service and this webhook. Whenever a push happens, it is going to invoke the slash monitor, which is available inside the config server, and it is going to take care of doing the remaining magic. So this approach does not have any manual steps involved and everything is automated. I hope you are super, super clear. As of now we are testing everything inside the local system, but our clients and end users will not test our applications with the localhost deployments. We need to convert them as a docker images post them. We need to try to start them with the help of docker compose and make sure everything is working. That's why from the next section, let's focus on converting our microservices into Docker images and post that we can try to start all our microservices with the help of docker compose command. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.