Now, inside this lecture, let's try to understand the concepts of liveness and readiness. We all know inside microservices are any cloud native applications, we are going to deploy our microservices, our applications as a Docker containers and these containers, we don't have to manually monitor them and we don't have to manually handle the scaling or elasticity requirements. Instead, container orchestration products like Kubernetes, they are going to handle that. So to handle these containers effectively, platforms like Kubernetes or even Docker, they need to understand whether my running container is working without any issues is the health of my running container is fine. For the same, we need these liveness and readiness probes. Using these probes, my Docker or Kubernetes or any other cloud product, they will try to understand whether my container is running properly. If not, they will try to make some corrective steps like maybe they will try to restart the container even after restarting the container. If the health probes are not working properly, they will try to create a new container by deleting the existing one and the same. It has to follow whenever it is trying to create a new instance during the scale up scenario. During the scale up scenario, the responsibility of the platforms like Kubernetes is not only to create a container and leave it, it should make sure it is working properly and it started with a proper good health. Otherwise it will try to scale up one more instance. So first let's try to understand what is liveness post that we'll discuss what is readiness? Liveness is a concept using which we can send a signals from the container or the application indicating whether my container is running properly or it has some health issues. If the output is that the container is alive and it is working properly, then there is no action required because the current state or current health is already good. Whereas if the container is dead, then an attempt should be made by the products like Kubernetes or any other products to heal the application by restarting or by creating a new container. So it is the responsibility of the products like Kubernetes or any other platform to regularly invoke this liveness probe to get the health of my running container. In simple words, this liveness answer a true or false question. The question is, is this container alive? If the output is true, that means there is no action is required. Whereas if the output is false, then a corrective action needs to be taken by restarting or by creating a new container. If you try to correlate this liveness with a real life scenario inside the boxing, you might have seen a boxer will sit and wait for the fighting to get started. This confirms that this boxer is alive and he is about to start the game. But this doesn't mean he is ready to face the fighting with other boxer. He just trying to warm up himself and trying to take instructions from the coach or he is trying to take the water. So whenever he is in this state, always think like it is indicating liveness. Now, coming to the readiness, a readiness probe used to know whether the container or app that we are trying to probe is ready to start receiving the network traffic from its clients. Sometimes, especially during the startup, your container might be alive. The output from the liveness probe can be positive, but it may not be ready to accept any new traffic. It might be doing some background work or it might be warming up to accept the request behind the scenes, it might be doing some database initialization. So to get ready and accept the traffic, your container will take more time, especially during the startup time. So that's why to avoid any scenarios where my Kubernetes or any other platform trying to send the request before it is completely ready, we can make this readiness probe to send an output saying that I am not yet ready. Please give some more time. This way we can avoid scenarios where the liveness is given positive response, but the application or the container is not completely started. And this is a very common scenario, especially during the startup of the container. So platforms like Kubernetes, they will make sure both liveness and readiness, they are giving a positive response in order to send the request that it is being received from the client applications. In simple words, this readiness also answers a true or false question, which is, Is this container ready to receive the network traffic? So if you try to compare the readiness with the same boxing scenario, whenever the boxer is ready for the fighting, he will come from a sitting position and stand in the middle of the court. So that indicates he is alive. And at the same time he is also ready to continue with the fight. So that's the difference between liveness and readiness. This liveness and readiness you may see in many places inside Docker, Kubernetes, cloud environments. orver all these are the general concepts. Using the same concepts now, we need to make sure our config server started completely and it is accepting the traffic post that only we need to try to start the containers like accounts, loans and cards. So to help in this scenario, Spring Boot has some actuator endpoints expose and these endpoints are available under the health endpoints. So whenever you are trying to invoke the endpoint URL, which is /actuator/health, it will give you the both of these two indicators in the output. But if you are looking only a specific output, then you can invoke the respective endpoint URLs like actuator/health/liveness and similarly readiness. So these liveness and readiness internally give the output based upon the health indicators from the liveness state health indicator available inside the spring boot framework and very similarly readiness state health indicator. So using these indicators behind the scenes, my spring boot application can expose the health information by using the actuator endpoint URLs. Like you can see on the screen. So now as a next step, let's try to enable these endpoints inside our config server. For the sme, first, I need to make sure inside the pom.xml of the config server I have the actuator dependency, so I have added this. So we are good from this dependency perspective. As a next step we need to open the application.yml file. So I'm trying to open the application.yml of config server and here we need to add few properties to enabled and expose the health related information. This new configurations we need to mention just under the same position where we have mentioned the endpoints, which means whatever new properties that we are trying to mention has to be defined under the management. So you can see I'm trying to create new properties here. The properties that I have created is first using the health element under the management. I'm trying to invoke readiness-state and under this I'm trying to invoke one more element which is enabled and to this enable I'm trying to pass the value true. And similarly I'm also trying to mention the liveness-state and enabled as true with this I'm telling to my actuator, please enable the health related information which will give me the details about the readiness state and the liveness state. And since we want to read these health information using endpoint, we need to make sure we are mentioning a child element under the management. And this child element is endpoint. You can see it is at the same position where we have endpoints. So this is the plural form, this is a singular form. So under this endpoint we need to mention one more child, which is health and under health there will be props under the props, they will be enabled and the value is true. So please get these properties from the GitHub repo. So once we define these properties inside the config server, we can try to test this once inside local. Whether the health information of my config server is being communicated correctly or not with the help of actuator URLs. So let me save this changes. Do a build. Once the build is completed, I will start only config server application alone. So I have started my config server. Here I'll try to invoke the path which is 8071/actuator/health. So this will give the overall health details. Like you can see we are getting the status as down. The reason why I'm getting the status as down is, if you try to understand the logs, I'm getting an exception because there is no rabbitmq server or container running inside my local system. The Rabbitmq container that we started previously, I stopped it behind the scenes, so I need to make sure I'm starting this rabbitmq again. So here inside my terminal, I'm running the Rabbitmq related run command. So once we run this command, the Rabbitmq will start successfully post that my config server also will start successfully. Because now it will be able to connect with the rabbitmq server that we have started. Now my config server might have started successfully. Let's confirm the same. To confirm the same, I'm going to refresh this page which is actuator/health. This time you'll be seeing the status as up. If you are looking for the liveness information you need to invoke the endpoint which is /actuator/health/liveness. . So once you invoke this, you can see it is giving the status as up. Up means it is giving a positive information about its health, whereas down means the container at the application is down. Very similarly we can invoke readiness. Readiness is also giving status as app. This confirms that our config server is ready to accept the request from the client applications like accounts, loans and cards microservice. So this way we have set up the liveness and readiness inside config server. In future, whenever we have some dependent components on our service, then definitely we need to implement these readiness and liveness. So that by looking at this information, only my dependent components will try to start. I hope this is clear in the next lecture. Using this information, let's try to update the Docker compose file. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.