Instructor: Inside this lecture, let's try to optimize our docker-compose.yml file to not have any repetitive content. For the same, inside the same folder where my docker-compose.yml is present, I'm going to create a new yml file. So under this default folder, I'm going to create a new file and the file name, I'm going to keep it as common-config.yml. So inside this, the very first element that we need to mention is services. With these services, I'm going to mention what is a service name. The service name that I want to mention here is network-deploy-service, and this service name, I want to mention the network related configurations. If you go and check the docker-compose.yml file, under all the services, we have these networks, eazybank. So I want to get rid of this and I want to maintain this in a single place. That's why I'm going to mention this content inside a service name with the name network-deploy-service. So like you can see, there is a service with the name network-deploy-service. Under that, I have defined that network related configurations. Very similarly, next, I'm going to create one more service and this service name is going to be microservice-base-config. So whenever any microservice I'm trying to create inside my docker-compose, they are going to extend this service. So to this microservice-base-config, I'm trying to extend the previous service that I have created, which is network-deploy-service, and inside this service, on top of this network related configuration, I'm also trying to create a environment variable, which is SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE as default. Because this environment is going to be common for all the microservices like cards, loans, accounts, and config server. Of course, config server does not need this, but there is no harm providing this value. Here, you may have a question here like why can't you mention these environment details directly inside this network-deploy-service? The reason why I'm not mentioning this environment directly here and try to separate into two different services is our RabbitMQ service. It does not require these spring related environment configurations. It only requests these networks related configurations. That's why for RabbitMQ, I'm going to import this service. Whereas for other microservice, I'm going to import this service, which means I'm going to get both network related configuration and at the same time, I'm going to get the SPRING-PROFILE-ACTIVE environment variable. Apart from this SPRING-PROFILES-ACTIVE, there is also one more configurations that are getting repeated inside all our microservices, including config server. Can you identify what is that? Here, if you can scroll down, there is a deploy related configurations, which we are trying to repeat every time for all the microservice. So let me copy these and mention under the microservice-base-config because my RabbitMQ does not need this configuration. So I have mentioned the same here under the microservice-base-config. So now let's try to analyze is there any value is repeating between all the microservices? So if you observe for accounts microservice, loans microservice, and cards microservice, this depends on information is getting repeated. On top of that, this SPRING-CONFIG-IMPORT also is same for accounts, loans, and cards microservice. That's why I'm going to create one more service here, just in the same location where we have created microservice-base-config. Very similarly, I'm trying to create one more service with the name microservice-configserver-config. So any microservice instance inside my application, which depends on configserver, I'm going to use this service name. So this new service name is going to extend the previous service that we have created, which is microservice-base-config because our individual microservices like accounts, loans, and cards, they need the network related configurations, deploy related configurations, they need the SPRING-PROFILE-ACTIVE. On top of these, they also need dependency details on the configuration server. So let me copy that, the dependency related changes here. So I'm trying to copy the dependency related changes. Post that, I'm going to create an environment variable and inside this environment variable, I'm going to mention SPRING-CONFIG-IMPORT: configserver and this is the endpoint URL. So now you can see here, there are three different services defined inside this common-config.yml. The very first one is network-deploy-service. Post that I have one more service, which is with the name microservice-base-config and this is going to extend your network service, followed by the third service, which is microservice-configserver-config. I'm trying to maintain a space between the services just to improve that readability. Now we can go to the docker-compose.yml file. First, I'll try to maintain a space between all the services just to improve the readability. So I'm trying to introduce a space here, post that. I'll do the same for accounts, loans, and cards and at last, we also need to mention a space here to improve the readability. Now we are good. As a next step, we need to import the configurations defined inside this common-config.yml. So let's try to do the same. So let's go one by one. So here inside the RabbitMQ, everything is unique like image, host name, ports and health check. The only repetitive two element is network. So instead of these networks, I can try to mention extends and what is a file name like common-config.yml, which is present inside the same folder structure and post that. What is the service that I want to import? The service name that we want to import is network-deploy-service, so we need to mention the same here. Now let's go to the config server by copying these extends configurations. Here, the repetitive information is these deploy related instructions and these networks related information. So this information, we have defined under the service, which is microservice-base-config. So whenever we are extending this microservice-base-config, we will get both network related information and at the same time, deployment related information, along with the environment variable, which is SPRING-PROFILE-ACTIVE as default. Right now my config server does not require the SPRING-PROFILES-ACTIVE, but there is no harm providing this information, or maybe what we can do is we can move this SPRING-PROFILES-ACTIVE as default to the next service and maybe we can delete this here. Yeah, with that we should be good. Yeah, let me do that. Now we can try to import this microservice-base-config, which will have only the network related and these deployment related instructions. So I can try to import this service here under the config server. So here, I'm going to mention the service name, which is microservice-base-config. As a next step, I will go to my accounts microservice and I'll try to delete these defense related information and at the same time, deploy related information, networks related information and inside the environment, we don't need to mention this config import, and profiles related variable. Instead I can simply mention the extends file, common-config.yml and the service name should be microservices-configserver-config. The same I'm trying to mention here. So let me copy these value to the loans microservice also. Before that, I'm trying to remove all these depends on, deploy, and networks along with the config import and profiles active. So I'm mentioning the extends information. We should be good with loans. Now I'm jumping onto the cards and here inside the cards, I'm going to delete the, all the duplicate information followed by environment variables that are not required. Post that, I'm going to paste the extension information. With this, now our docker-compose file looks very short and at the same time, we also separated all the repetitive information into a separate common-config.yml. So in future, if I want to change the network name, I can change it only in single place. Very similarly, if I want to change the memory consumption, I can change it inside this single place. Very similarly, we can try to play with any other information inside the single file instead of maintaining under the each service defined inside this docker-compose.yml file. I'm assuming we are perfect here. In the next lecture, let's try to generate the docker images so that we can test our docker-compose changes. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture, bye.