Now, inside this lecture, let's try to generate the Docker images of all the microservices, including the config server. We need to regenerate the Docker images of accounts, loans and microservice as well, because we made a lot of changes related to the configuration management. For the same I came to my workspace location under this section 6 folder we have v2 - spring cloud config. Under this we have various projects like accounts, cards, config server and loans in order to generate a Docker image for the accounts microservice using jib, we need to run a maven command from the location where the pom.xml of accounts is present. So let me right click on this and open the terminal. Here I need to run a command which is mvn space compile space Jib:dockerBuild, B should be in the capital letters. So I'm trying to execute this command. This will initiate generating a new docker image for my accounts microservice with the tag name S6. You can see it completed within 8 seconds. So Jib is very, very fast and super convenient for local systems. That's why we are using Jib throughout this course. Now let me clean this console and go back to the parent folder post that I'll navigate to the cards location. Here also, I'm going to run the same command, which is mvn  compile Jib, Docker build. This will generate a new Docker image with the name cards along with the tag S6. So the Docker image of cards also is completed within 10s. So let me clean the console post that I'll go back to the parent folder and navigate to the loans microservice and run the same command, which is mvn compile Jib docker build. Now do you think the same command will work for config server? Think about it. As of now we have not added plugin related information of jib inside the config server. That's why first, let's try to add the jib related plugin details inside the pom.xml of config server Here inside my pom.xml of config server, you can see as of now there is no plugin related to the Google jib. We need to add that. To get that we can go to the any of the service pom.xml. So here we have the plugin details of Google jib. So let me copy this and mention inside the config server just after the spring boot maven plugin details. So the image name we should be fine. Like eazybytes, artifactId, which will be config server and the tag name is S6, so we should be fine with this. So let me load this maven changes. Now I'll go to the terminal location. Here, let me clean the console. As of now, we generated the docker images for cards, accounts and loans. Now I'll navigate back to the config server. So inside the config server I'm going to run the same command, which is mvn compile jib docker build. So this is going to generate a new Docker image. We can validate if all these Docker images are generated or not by running a Docker images command. Or we can also go to the Docker dashboard and confirm the same. So inside the Docker dashboard you can see there are many Docker images which are related to S4 like section 4 also. So let's try to delete all the unnecessary images to save some storage inside your local system. So this I don't need, buildpacks I don't need, since we are no more using it and rabbitmq I need, mysql I need and logs explorer extension there is one image I need this and key clock I need for some other testing and package I can remove and loans I can remove, which is specific to S4 and cards also I can remove which is specific to S4. So with that I can delete all these images to get some space. And you can also always make sure there are no unused containers. As of now, only the rabbitmq container is running inside my local system. This also we can delete because when we run the docker compose command anyway, behind the scenes it is going to create the rabbitmq container. Now if you go to the images, you can see there are four different images that are just now created with the tag S6. Like accounts, cards, loans and config server. Now, as a next step, I need to push these images into my Docker hub repository. So that in future, whenever I simply run my docker compose without having these images inside my local system, then my docker compose will pull them from the remote repository. So it's like storing them inside the remote repository and anyone can use them because I'm making them as public. Now in order to push these Docker images into the Docker hub, I need to run a command inside my terminal. So here, let me clean the console and run the command, which is docker  image  push post that docker.io. Since I'm trying to push into the Docker hub followed by what is my Docker account name, which is eazybytes and what is the image name like accounts:S6. So this image should also present inside your local system then only this push will work. Please make sure you login into your Docker desktop and your docker is running whenever you trying to run this command, so I'm trying to push into the Docker hub. After a few seconds, my account's Docker image is successfully pushed into the Docker hub. Now, as a next step, I can try to run the same command, but this time I will try to push the loans related Docker image. Once these loans related Docker image is pushed, I'm going to push cards followed by config server. Now I'm going to push the carts image. After the carts image, at last I'm going to push the config server related docker image. So let me mention the config server as a docker image name. With this, all our docker images should be available inside the Docker hub as well. So let's try to validate the same. Before that, let's give more seconds for this push to get completed. So now my config server also pushed successfully. Let me go to the Docker hub website. So here as of now you can see I have cards, loans and accounts microservice, which I pushed to six days back. Now if I try to refresh this page, you will be able to see the latest Docker images like config server is available cards and loans and accounts. If I try to open these accounts image you can see and at the tags we have two different tags like S4 and S6. So if someone is trying to use this S4 tag name, they will get the Docker image which we have created from the Section four. Whereas if you check for the config server, there will be only one tag because we never pushed any Docker image with the tag S4. With this, we have successfully created Docker images for all the services, including config server and we also pushed them into the Docker hub. In the next lecture we can try to test our Docker compose file with the default profile and see if the changes are working. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.