As of now, we have this Docker compose file created for the default profile under the default folder. We want to create very similar kind of Docker compose file for prod and qa profile. So that based upon your requirements you can always try to run the corresponding docker compose Yaml file before I try to create the new Docker compose files. First, let me stop all the running containers. So here inside the terminal where I have started the Docker compose up command, I'm trying to clear the console post that I will try to run the command docker compose down this will stop and delete all the containers inside my system. Now I'll go to my IDE. Here creating Docker compose for the new profiles is very, very easy, so let me show you how easy it is. I'm going to select these two files from the default and paste the same under the prod. After this prod, I'm going to paste the same inside the QA as well, so let me paste them. You can see now we have the same files inside the QA and prod. Do you know how many changes I have to do inside these docker compose files that I have created under prod and qa. There is only one change that we have to do which is under the commonconfig.yml instead of this default. I need to mention prod here and similarly I need to open the commonconfig.yml and change this spring profiles active as QA. This way with only one environment variable. We are trying to control the behavior of our containers. Externally, we are using the same docker image to run the containers in qa environment, prod environment and local environment. So this is the power of Docker images and Docker containers. Along with the spring boot framework, we are able to use the same immutable Docker image across all the environments. And if you have any specific requirements based upon your environment for suppose like inside the prod environment, if you want to give more space for your containers, you can mention that with the help of commonconfig.yml instead of 700 mb, you can give more memory. This way we have the freedom also to maintain different, different requirements and configurations for various environments. Now we have two different Yaml files available for prod and qa profile as well. Let's try to test one of them and make sure everything is working. So which one you want me to test here? So tell me whether you want to go with prod or qa, you want to go with prod. I know you like always production, so let me go with the prod. For the same inside my terminal, I need to navigate to the folder which is prod. And inside this prod I need to run the command which is docker. compose up. So let me run this command. This will start all my containers and my webhook is running inside the other terminal. I didn't disturb anything here, so let's wait for our containers to get started. Now all my five containers are started. I can also confirm the same inside the Docker desktop by opening this prod profile and clicking on this rabbitmq you can see the Rabbitmq started successfully. Now let me check the config server. Config server also started successfully. Now I can open the loans microservice. It also started successfully the same I can confirm for cards. This also started successfully. Now I'll check for accounts microservice and this one also started successfully. Now let's try to test the changes. This time I'll try to change the property related to the cards microservice and see if it is going to work.Ffor the same, I'm going to my eazybytes-config and here I need to change the values inside the cards-prod.yml. Because right now we started the microservice containers with the prod profile. So let me click on this and post that, I can click on this edit button. Here instead of prod, I'm going to mention that Docker APIs. Now let me commit these changes to the GitHub repo. Once I have committed these changes, I'll go directly to my postman. Inside my postman, I need to invoke the cards microservice contact-info API. So I'm trying to invoke this. You can see we are getting Docker APIs as an output, so let me try to revert the changes and test one more time so that we'll go back to the original message value. Here I'm clicking on this edit button and replacing this docker with the prod and committing the changes to the GitHub repo. I'll go to my postman, this time I'm trying to click on the send button again. You can see I'm getting the prod APIs, so there might be a delay in refreshing like wait for five to 10s. Post that you should be able to see the updated property inside your postman response. With this we have successfully tested all the configuration management related changes both locally and using the Docker compose, so I'm going to check in all the changes present inside this folder into the GitHub repo. Please refer the same for any questions or for any issues. We discussed a lot about configuration management. You deserve a break and I'm also deserve a break. So let's take a break and we'll connect back inside the next section. So don't try to complete the entire course in a single sitting that will be overhead for you to absorb all the knowledge. So try to complete daily one section or weekly one section, whatever comfortable for you instead of trying to complete everything in a single sitting. And before you try to close this lecture, I have a request for you. Please provide your review to this course. Your feedback is very important for me to understand what you like, what you don't like. If you want to appreciate about this course or if you want to share the feedback personally with me, please send a message to me on LinkedIn. Or you can also send a message inside the Udemy as well. If you visit my website, which is eazybytes.com. Here there is a LinkedIn link. You can click on that link and try to follow the easy bites for regular updates and if needed, you can also connect with me or an email by sending an email to this email here like tutor@eazybytes.com. . With that, let's take a break and I'll catch you in the next section bye.