In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the collections Framework. So Java Collections Framework was designed and introduced by Joshua Bloch. By the way, he is an extremely famous computer scientist. He wrote several books on effective Java. So if you are not familiar with his name, I suggest searching for his name on the web. So Joshua Bloch created this framework while working at Sun Microsystems in 1998. The framework was created to standardize and improve how Java programs handle groups of objects. Before the Java Collections Framework, Java only had a few basic collection classes like vector, hash table, and array. These were inconsistent and lacked flexibility, so it is crucial that this framework standardizes and improves how Java applications handle groups of objects It provides a set of well-designed interfaces such as the list interface, the set interface, the map interface, and offers common implementations such as array lists, linked lists, hash sets, hash maps, and so on. We are going to talk about them one by one, and it gives access to algorithms. Whether we would like to sort the underlying items in this collection, or whether we would like to search for a given item, whether we would like to shuffle a collection of items, we can do it without any problem where the collections utility class. And finally, what's extremely crucial that the Java Collections framework ensures interoperability between different types of collections. So despite the fact that we may end up with different types of collections because of this framework, it is quite easy to transform them into each other. So what are the advantages? First of all, reusability and consistency. There are several pre-built classes and algorithms that save time, and common interfaces ensure uniform use. Then performance. There are optimized data structures included in the Java Collections framework for different needs. For example, we can use Hashmaps for fast lookups, we can use linked lists for frequent insertions, and so on. Then it is absolutely crucial that this framework has been tested, so we can take it for granted that the collections framework works as expected. I'm not sure whether you have tried to implement a collection related data structure from scratch. Okay. If we have to implement a linked list data structure, it is not that hard. But if we have to implement a HashMap in an extremely efficient manner, or for example, a red black tree, It is quite hard to do so. So this is why this framework is so powerful, because it has been tested, and we can safely take it for granted that it works as expected. By the way, almost all the collections except for map can be derived from the Java.util.collection interface. With the help of the two array method, we can transform any collection into a one dimensional array and the collection interface extends the iterable interface. This is why we can use foreach loop. We are going to talk about it in the coming lectures. Let's take a look at the hierarchy of the collections framework. As usual, there are interfaces such as list, doc, queue, set, sorted, set collection and iterable. And of course there are the concrete implementations. What's extremely crucial and this is quite a common interview question that the collection interface is the parent interface for the list, queue and set. We are going to talk about the internal structure and the concrete implementation of every single data structure. But what's crucial that we can store scalar values such as integers, floating point numbers, doubles strings or custom objects. For example, the array list is a one dimensional array, the linked list is the linked list data structure, so there are nodes that are pointing to each other. There's the stack with which we can implement leaf structure. So the last item we insert is the first we take out. Then we have the queue interface that extends the collection interface. We will talk about the linked list implementation of the queue interface because link list implements the duck interface, and the duck interface extends the queue interface. This is why a linked list is a valid implementation of the queue interface, as we will see in the coming lectures. Then we have the priority queue. That is an extremely popular implementation. It is essentially a binary heap where the items are sorted based on the priority. This is an extremely powerful class. In Java. We have the array duck that is the most powerful implementation. If we are after a Fifo structure or a Fifo structure, we are going to talk about it later. Then we have sets. So this is the third interface that extends the collection interface. The main feature that we can store items without duplicate values. So essentially every single item in a set is unique. So for example we can store multiple items of the same value in an array list, but it is not possible to do so with a set. The hash set uses an associative array under the hood. A linked hash set preserves insertion order, and we have the sorted set interface with the three set implementation. The three set is a red black tree under the hood, so it is a balanced binary search tree that guarantees logarithmic running time complexity for most of the operations. By the way, the collection interface extends the iterable interface. This is why we can iterate through every single data structure. For example, if we have an array list, then we can get the iterator because the array list is a collection and the collection is an iterable. So we can iterate through the items one by one. Or we can use the so-called enhanced for loop, and we can consider the items one by one because the array list Aurelius extends the iterable interface. We can do the same with linked list as well, because linked List extends the list interface. The list interface is a collection, and the collection interface extends the iterable interface. And finally we are going to talk about the map interface that's more or less independent of the interfaces that we have considered earlier. So map interface is not a collection and it doesn't extend the iterable interface. There are several implementations such as hashtable, HashMap and linked HashMap, and we have the sorted map interface with Treemap as the implementation. It is again a balanced binary search tree or a red black tree to be more specific under the hood. This is how we can guarantee logarithmic running time complexity, and with the help of Hashmaps, we can guarantee, although one constant running time complexity for most of the operations. What's crucial is that with the map interface, we cannot store scalar values as we have seen with collections. Here we can store key value pairs so we can insert values that are identified by keys. So these are the key value pairs that we can store in a HashMap or a linked HashMap or a Treemap. We will come to the conclusion that with the help of the collections framework, we can use whatever data structure we want based on the requirements, because sometimes we would like to achieve extremely fast lookups than HashMap is the good solution. Sometimes we would like to eliminate duplicate values. Then we have to use some implementation of the set interface. Sometimes we have to get items based on the priority. Then we should use priority queue. Okay, so these are the data structures we are going to consider on a step by step basis. Thanks for watching.