In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to measure the running time of algorithms and data structure related operations, because this is going to be crucial in the coming chapters to compare the different data structures, whether a given data structure is better for a given operation that we want to execute or not. So when we pose the question that how to compare and how to measure the running time of a given algorithm, measuring elapsed time seems intuitive, but it has several problems. The problem is that the elapsed time depends on the underlying hardware, such as the central processing unit speed, the Ram, and so on. So the same algorithm can take different time on different machines. Or for example, a slower algorithm may be faster because it is executed by a powerful computer. So this is why a bit better approach is to measure algorithm complexity by counting the steps so the number of basic operations the algorithm performs as a function of input size. And this is exactly how we can end up with complexities like constant running time complexity, or the one linear running time complexity, quadratic running time complexity, logarithmic time complexity, and so on. By the way, I don't want to get into the mathematical details of computational analysis and running time complexities because it is a bit complicated. So you can learn a lot about the Begaudeau notation. And as you can see, it is essentially an upper bound on the growth rate of the function that describes the running time of the algorithm. But anyways, I don't want to get lost in the mathematical details. So let's take a look at concrete examples. And it is going to be straightforward. What is the difference between these running time complexities. Let's consider although one that is the constant running time complexity. For example, whenever we swap two items in a one dimensional array. So the items are identified by index I and index j. It is a constant time procedure, as there are always a fixed number of operations that is independent of the length of the array. That is, the input size. So what's crucial that instead of measuring the time taken to execute this given operation, we can measure the running time with respect to the input size. In this case, the input size is the length of the one dimensional array. As you may guess, swapping two items is totally independent of the number of items we have in this one dimensional array. You may pose the question why? Let's assume that we have a one dimensional array like this with just five items, and we want to swap index I and index j. So value one and value seven accordingly. Essentially, we just have to execute these operations line by line. And this is how we swap these values. What if we have twice as many items. So in this case the input length has been doubled. And how does the running time complexity of this operation change? We can come to the conclusion that again we have to swap two items. And these operations are totally independent of the size of the one dimensional array. So the running time of the swap operation is exactly the same as we have seen earlier with the smaller one dimensional array. So we can come to the conclusion that constant running time complexity means that the running time of the algorithm is independent of the length of the input, so it is independent of the input size. So we can come to the conclusion that if we double the input size, the running time remains the same. This is why it is although one constant running time complexity. You may post a question that are there any problems where the running time depends on the input size? Of course. Let's consider linear running time complexity. What if we have a one dimensional array and we want to double every single value in this one dimensional array? As you may guess, the number of operations grows in direct proportion to the size of the input. In this case, the running time of the algorithm depends on the size of the input. Why? Because if we have just five items, what do we have to do? We have to consider every single item one by one, and we have to double the values accordingly. If we have double the size of the array. So we are dealing with twice as many items. Then of course the algorithm has to consider twice as many items, so we can come to the conclusion that there are twice as many operations and the running time complexity will be twice as much. This is exactly why it is called linear running time complexity, because the running time grows linearly with the size of the input. If we double the input size, then we double the running time as well. What about quadratic running time complexity? A typical example is when we want to sort an underlying one dimensional array. Here, as you can see, we have a nested for loop. So we compare every single value in the array with every other value in this one dimensional array. And we do it for every single value. So it means that the number of operations grows in quadratic proportion to the size of the input. What does it mean that if we double the input size. So for example if we double the one dimensional array of items that we want to sort with this sorting procedure. Then, instead of doubling the running time because it has quadratic running time complexity, we have two to the power of two, so four times the running time. So if we have just a single for loop, it means that we have to consider every single item once. So the running time scales linearly with the input size. That is the number of items in this one dimensional array. So for example, if we have an integer array numbers and we have the values one, two, three, four, five, and so on. Then of course, if we create a single for loop to consider all the items, then it is a linear running time complexity. If we create a nested for loop, so integer I is equals to zero, I is less than nums dot length and we increment I by one. And after that we create a nested for loop and we consider all the items again. So j is less than nums dot length and we increment j in every single iteration. And just for demonstration purposes we multiply these values accordingly. Nums I multiplied by nums j. Because we have two nested for loops, it means that. First we consider the first item of the array and we multiply it with all the other values. Then we consider the next value and we multiply it with all the other values. Then we consider the third item and we multiply it by all the others. So you may guess that it scales quadratically with the input size. If we double the input size, then we end up with four times the running time. If we triple the input size, the algorithm needs nine times as much time if we have four times the input size. You may guess that we have four to the power of two because it has quadratic running time complexity, so 16 times as much time. So this is why it is quite a slow approach. And what if we have for example another nested for loop. If there are three nested for loops then it is order n cubed. So n to the power of three. If we have four nested for loops, then the running time complexity is order n to the power of four. These are slower and slower approaches. And finally I created a Python script to plot the running times with respect to the input size. And as you can see, this is exactly why it is crucial if we have a constant running time complexity algorithm or a logarithmic running time complexity algorithm, these are way faster, exponentially faster than slower approaches. Let's take a look at the linear running time complexity, which is quite favorable. Then we have quadratic running time complexity that is not that favorable or exponential running time complexity. We can come to the conclusion that most of the optimization related problems or dynamic programming related problems, such as calculating the Fibonacci numbers with the help of recursion, or for example, the coin change problem or knapsack problem have exponential running time complexity. This is exactly why computer science is so powerful, because we have to deal with these problems, and we have to reduce the running time complexity of these approaches. And we can come to the conclusion that with proper data structures, we can achieve quite favorable running time complexities. We will come to the conclusion that with hash tables, it is possible to achieve constant running time complexity for lookups, or whenever we would like to insert new items into the underlying data structure. So that's all about a brief introduction to running time complexity. Thanks for watching.