In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about several data structures that are present in the collections framework, such as array lists that are essentially one dimensional arrays. We will talk about three maps and three sets that are red black trees under the hood, or hash maps, linked hash maps or hash sets that are essentially associative arrays under the hood. So we will come to the conclusion that, okay, there is a huge number of possible data structures that we can use. But of course a good question is why is it so powerful to use data structures at all? And first of all, let's take a look at a very simple example. Let's assume that we have to construct an algorithm to find a given book when there's a huge amount of books available. Or for example, we have to sort all the books in alphabetical order. The intuition is that, for example, if we want to find a given book as fast as possible, then we need extremely complicated algorithms. We need to optimize the code. For example, we need to eliminate For loops, we need to optimize while loops. We have to be very careful how to define given variables in order to minimize the amount of memory the algorithm uses, and so on. But what's extremely counterintuitive is that in reality, if we store the books in an efficient manner, then there is no need for complicated algorithms at all. So instead of focusing on the complicated algorithms, if we store the books in an efficient manner. So if we define that how we are going to store the large amount of books, then we can come to the conclusion that there is no need for complicated algorithms at all, because we can boost, we can speed up algorithms with the help of proper underlying data structures. So essentially how we store the data under the hood, by the way, this is why it is said that bad programmers worry about the code, about the exact algorithms. And on the other hand, good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. Okay, so this is rather counterintuitive that if we store the data set in an efficient manner. And this is why we have to consider data structures to be able to decide how we are going to store the data set itself. So if we store the data in an appropriate data structure, then there is no need for complicated algorithms because the data structures are going to be extremely efficient. Okay, so first of all, data structures came to be in order to handle large amounts of data efficiently, for example, when dealing with databases, because of course modern applications and softwares are manipulating a huge amounts of data, such as, for example, Facebook. Facebook has more than 3 billion users. So you can imagine that we have to define a proper way of storing and representing this large amount of data. This is the same with Instagram and so on. Okay, so modern applications are manipulating a large amounts of data. So this is why proper data structures are needed in order to represent these large data sets. And finally, and this is what we have been talking about a few minutes earlier, that we can tune the running time complexity of given algorithms by using appropriate data structures. Okay. So let's take a look at a concrete example. Let's assume that we have a graph with v number of vertices and e number of edges. And we want to find the shortest path between two vertices. This is quite common. For example in Google Maps we would like to get to a given destination as fast as possible. We can find the shortest path with the help of Dijkstra's algorithm. But if we do not use a proper data structure, then Dijkstra's algorithm has quadratic running time complexity, although n squared, where n is the total number of vertices in the graph. But if we use proper data structure, such as a priority queue, a so-called Fibonacci heap, then we can reduce this running time to logarithmic running time. Although n log n, where n defines the number of vertices in the underlying graph. So as you can see, we can tune the running time complexity with the help of proper data structures instead of a quadratic running time complexity. We can end up with logarithmic running time complexity, which is way faster. This is the case when dealing with spanning trees. If we use Kruskal's algorithm, then we can end up with ordo e log v. Running time complexity where v is the number of vertices, e is the number of edges in the underlying graph. But with the help of a proper data structure, again we can use the so-called Fibonacci heap data structure. Then we can end up with ordo e plus log v running time, which is faster than the standard approach. Okay. So this is two example how to reduce the running time complexity. So essentially how to boost a given algorithm. And instead of tuning the algorithm itself. So for example optimizing the for loops and so on we can use a proper data structure instead. And this is how we can reduce the running time as well. By the way, this is a typical trade off between memory usage and running time complexity. So we will come to the conclusion during the coming chapters that if we want to reduce the running time complexity, which means that we want to make a given algorithm faster than essentially we have to use a proper data structure. But because of the proper data structure, the algorithm will use more memory. So essentially, we are not able to increase the running time complexity and decrease the memory consumption of a given algorithm. At the same time, if we increase the memory usage, we can reduce the running time. If we want to minimize the memory consumption of a given algorithm, then the algorithm will be slower, so the running time will increase dramatically. Okay, this is the so-called memory and running time trade off. We are not able to increase running time and reduce memory usage at the same time. Okay. By the way, we are going to take a look at several examples in the coming chapters. So that's all about why to use data structures. Thanks for watching.