Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section we are going to discuss about the new challenge that we may face while we are trying to build microservices applications. But before I try to introduce this new challenge, let me explain about few concepts and jargons inside the microservices applications. As of now, inside our microservices network, we built three different types of microservices. The very first microservice that we have here is accounts and similar to accounts we also have loans microservice followed by cards microservice. So as of now you can see these are the three different microservices that are holding my business logic. So these microservices are responsible to store my data, to fetch my data and if some application is trying to send a request to these microservice, they should execute the business logic and send the proper response. So in real world, our microservices applications, they won't get deployed in a different,different servers. It will not be a scenario like suppose there is an external client with the name C1, C2 and C3. . If my C1 is dependent on the accounts microservice, it's not like they will be directly calling your accounts. And very similarly, it's not like C2 will be calling your loans microservice followed by cards microservice. So this type of communication is not allowed. So the process that we are going to follow here is, first we will deploy all our microservices into a common microservice network. Like you can see, this is all the microservice network where I will deploy all of my microservices so we can call this network as microservice network or you can call with your own name. So there is a firewall that I will build around my microservices. So for any external clients who want to connect with my microservices, they need to enter using a single entry point. So if you see, we can assume this can be as a single entry point and they should not be any other entry points on how the external network traffic can enter into our microservices network. The purpose on why we need to maintain a single entry point is, it will allow us to perform any checks related to security and auditing, logging. So all kind of non-functional requirements we can perform at this single entry point that we have right now. So this single entry point is responsible to accept the external traffic. And we usually call this single entry points as gateway. And some people, they will also call it as API gateway. Because to access your APIs, this is the only gateway for the external clients to enter into your microservice network. So whatever requests that we are getting from the external clients like C1, C2, C3, they has to come through this API gateway and we call these traffic as external traffic. So you can see I'm trying to annotate here this traffic we call it as external traffic. So API gateway is going to take care of validating all the external traffic. So this is one of the component that we need to build inside our microservices. We're going to discuss about this API gateway in the coming sections. But right now the focus inside this section is, the internal communication sometimes a microservice can be depend on the other microservice. Suppose think like an external request came to my accounts microservice through this API gateway. Now, in order to send the response to these external application my accounts microservice, it has to connect with the loans microservice and at the same time it also has to connect with the cards microservice. So these communication, we call it as internal communication. So whatever communication is happening inside your microservice network, we call this as internal communication. So there are two types of traffic like external traffic or external communication or internal traffic or internal communication. Inside this section, we are going to focus on what are the challenges that we may face. While my microservice, they are trying to communicate with each other inside this microservice network. We're not going to talk about external traffic. Inside this section we will talk about gateway and external traffic in the coming sections. But right now let's focus on internal communication and what are the challenges that we may face and how to overcome that. I hope you are clear with these concepts. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.