Inside this lecture, let me introduce about the new challenge that we are going to discuss inside this section. As of now, we discussed about four different challenges and how to overcome them while building microservices. So we are right now into the challenge number 5. So let's try to discuss the same before that just a reminder, since we are into a new section, I'm trying to use a new color for my slides just to keep you engaged with the discussions. The challenge that we are going to discuss inside this section is, how microservices discover other microservices and how they register themselves into the microservices network. So let's try to understand more details about this challenge. For the same, I'm going to ask some questions here. The very first question is how a microservice is going to locate other microservices inside a network. like we discussed in the previous lecture, all our microservices will be deployed inside a microservice network. If one instance of a microservice want to connect with other instance of a microservice, how it is going to connect with it. You may answer here saying that every microservice will have its own endpoint, will have its own port number. Why can't my other microservice can use those details and try to connect with it? I agree with that. But this approach may work to some extent inside monolithic applications, but inside microservices will be creating and destroying the containers based upon our own requirements. That means the endpoints will keep changing dynamically whenever we try to scale up our microservice instance or whenever we are trying to destroy a particular microservice container because it's not responding. In such scenarios, how other microservice will know what is the IP address of a specific microservice. So it is going to be impossible to track such details. So there is a challenge here. The next question that I want to ask here is, how a new service instance can enter into the Microservice network. For example, while the production deployment we might have started with a one instance of account, one instance of loans and one instance of cards microservice. But later on we felt that the traffic is very high and we decided to increase the number of instances from 1 to 5 for all the microservices. So when this scale up is happening, runtime inside the production, how they are going to enter into the network and how they will communicate about their details to the other microservices. So my accounts microservice might be thinking there is only one lone microservice instance inside the Microservice network. But behind the scenes we created four new microservice instances of loans, microservice and cards microservice. How these details will get communicated to accounts microservice. This scenario we may also face whenever we are trying to replace an unhealthy instance with a new microservice container. Since we are trying to create a new container, definitely there will be a new IP address will be assigned to it. So with all these dynamic conditions or dynamic situations inside the microservices network, it's very challenge how a new service can enter into the microservice network and communicate about its details to the other microservices. If they're not able to communicate about themselves to the other microservice, then they will never be invoked. So there is no use of scaling up or replacing an unhealthy container. In the similar lines, whenever we have multiple instances of a microservice deployed inside a environment, we need to also think about how a load balancing will happen between the microservice instance. For example, microservice instance is trying to call loads microservice but loans microservice has five different parallel running containers available inside the same environment. So how my accounts microservice will know which instance of the loans microservice has to be invoked. So how that load balancing is going to work. The scenario should not be like accounts microservice always forwarding the traffic to one instance of the loans microservice and making it super busy while other instances they are enjoying their holidays. So it should not be like that. So with all these questions and challenges, we need to understand how to work on this. So let me try to reveal the solution for these challenges. So to overcome all these challenges, we have concepts and patterns or standards with the name service discovery, service registration and load balancing. So we need to make sure our microservice network and all the containers inside the network are following are implemented. These standards and concepts like service discovery, service registration and load balancing. I know you might be scratching your head saying that this fellow again bring new jargons like service discovery, service registration, load balancing. I don't know what are those? So don't worry. I'm going to make them clear for you. But for now, I'm assuming you are clear the challenges that we are going to discuss inside this section. So, take your time and try to read these questions and the challenges that we have. And I'm going to catch you in the next lecture bye.