For a few seconds let's think like we don't have concepts like service discovery and service registration, and we are forced to use that traditional approaches inside microservices environment. So with that assumption, let's try to see what are the challenges or disadvantages that we may face if we follow that traditional monolithic approaches inside microservices, internal communication. Usually inside a web network, whenever a service or an application want to communicate with another service or application, it must be given the necessary information to locate it, such as IP address or instead of IP address, we can also give that DNS name or the domain name. With this information now let's try to see the scenario of two microservices like accounts and loans are trying to communicate with each other. For simplicity reason let's assume there is only one instance of loans and one instance of accounts inside my microservices network. Like you can see first I have my accounts microservice installed or deployed inside a server and we call this as upstream service. Because this is the service which is dependent on the another service. That's why we call this as upstream service. And the other side, we also have another microservice which is loans microservice, and we call this service as downstream service. Because this loans microservice is acting as a dependent service for the accounts microservice. Like you can see here, the loans microservice is deployed at an IP number. 127.54.37.23. Now if my accounts microservice want to communicate with the loans microservice, there are two options. One is inside my accounts microservice I can hardcode the IP details where my loans microservice is deployed. Or we can also mention that domain details are DNS name inside the accounts microservice code. So with that, the internal communication between microservices will use either the hostname DNS or IP address. So there is no service discovery at the load balancing involved here. In this kind of situations we call loans. microservice will be acting as a backing service with respect to the accounts microservice. Because without the loans microservice my accounts microservice cannot send a successful response to the clients who is trying to get the consolidated information of accounts and loans microservice. So that's why loans microservice will act as a backing service to the accounts microservice. So mentioning the IP address or DNS name at the hostname will work perfectly. When we have only one instance of loans microservice running inside our microservice network. And even managing the DNS name and its corresponding IP address mapping is going to be straightforward. If you are not clear about what is DNS. So DNS is like using a domain name instead of IP address. So behind the scenes, your platform team or operations team members, they will do a mapping of your DNS name to the correspondent IP address. So this way in future, if my loans microservice IP address changes, I'm going to change the mapping between the DNS and IP address and there won't be any code changes on the accounts microservice if they are using that DNS name. Whereas if they hardcode the IP address, whenever the loans microservice IP address is being changed, the same needs to be changed on the accounts microservice. So to avoid these kind of situations, usually inside the web applications, communications, we rely on that DNS names. So here there is a single IP address. Someone will map this IP address to a DNS name and using the same DNS name, my accounts microservice can connect with the loans microservice, but in a cloud environment where we are going to deploy multiple instances of a service with each instance having its own unique IP address, this is not going to work. Because someone has to maintain the mapping between the DNS and the list of IP addresses where we have deployed. To some extent, we can overcome this challenge like we can have someone updating these DNS records with the multiple IP address and we can also rely on the algorithms like round Robin to load balance the traffic between multiple instances of loans microservice. So updating that DNS records with the multiple IP addresses will work perfectly for monolithic applications or soa applications because we will have very limited number of services in traditional applications. But inside the microservices network, this approach may not be suitable because we are going to use a containers and these containers deployment will keep changing frequently. So this rapid change make it difficult to maintain the accurate DNS records and ensure efficient communication between the microservices. So like I said before, whenever we are getting more traffic, we are going to onboard the more instances of loans microservice. And the same when the traffic is down, we are going to delete the few of the running instances of loans microservice. And very similarly, if one of the loans microservice instance is not responding, we are going to delete it and replace it with a new instance. So when you are doing all these rapid changes inside the cloud environment, it is an impossible task to maintain the accurate mapping between your DNS and the multiple IP addresses of your loans microservice instances. Because unlike monolithic applications where we are going to deploy the applications inside a physical machine or a long running virtual machines, in such scenarios, the IP address will be static and it will never change until unless you are trying to change it. Whereas with cloud native applications and microservices, the instances are the containers will have shorter life spans like we discussed during the auto scaling scenario or whenever the container is not responding. In all such scenarios, we're going to bring new containers and new instances which will have new IP addresses. With all these problems, the primary challenge that we are going to face here is, the DNS records will not be up to the date with the latest IP address details of the banking services like loans microservice Inside the next slide, I tried to explain this visually. For example, first we are going to have certain client applications, our client services who are trying to invoke other microservices with the help of DNS name. Like you can see here, someone is trying to invoke the accounts microservice. Similarly, someone is trying to invoke the cards microservice and loans microservice with a different different DNS names. Whenever the request received to this DNS behind the scenes, there will be a traditional load balancer. Try to monitor the request and based upon the incoming requests along with the DNS names, it will try to look for the what are the exact details. So you can see there is a primary load balancer here which is responsible to process all the requests coming to the DNS with the name services.easybank.com. So based upon the path that it sees inside the request, it will try to look for the corresponding physical IP address by looking into the routing tables. So someone might have configured all the details inside the routing tables. Once my load balancer identifies what are the exact details, the same request will be forwarded to the actual services, so there will be also secondary load balancer which will keep checking the health status of the primary load balancer. For some reason, if my primary load balancer is not responding, then immediately my secondary load balancer will act as a primary load balancer. This way we are trying to overcome the scenarios where the primary load balancer is down, so there is always a backup load balancer. But there are certain problems with these traditional load balancer because we are using in between traditional load balancer. Let's try to understand what are those disadvantages. Usually inside that traditional applications, each instance of a microservice are service will be deployed in one or more application servers. The number of these application servers usually will be static, and even in the case of restoration, it would be restored to the same state with the same IP and other configurations. This type of setup will work perfectly for monolithic applications and soa based applications, where they have a relatively small number of services running with a group of static servers and static IP address. But like I said, this is not going to work for the cloud based microservices applications, because the IP addresses are going to change. That means your traditional load balancer will not be able to manage the traffic if the IP addresses are keep changing dynamically. So with this limitation inside the traditional load balancers, there are many disadvantages. The very first one is limited horizontal scalability and license cost. Whenever we want to use the traditional load balancers, we should definitely know the, what are the IP address well ahead. So the same we need to configure inside the routing tables and using the same routing tables, my traditional load balancer can forward the traffic to the corresponding services. Since we need to maintain those IP address details manually inside the routing table, we cannot really perform a lot of scalability like dynamic scale up and scale down. We cannot perform inside our microservices. So that will be a huge limitation if you follow the traditional load balancer and at the same time these traditional load balancer, they are not free of cost. Every cloud provider, they provide these traditional load balancer with few licensing costs. So they will also request some budget to set up inside your microservices network. And the next disadvantage that we have here is single point of failure. We saw in the previous slide there are two load balancers. If my primary load balancer fail, then my backup load balancer like secondary load balancer will come into picture. What if both of them fail whenever we use this traditional load balancers, we can't scale them easily like inside a cluster environment. So with these reasons, it is going to be a single point of failure. And with that, all your incoming requests will be choked at a centralized location. And the next major disadvantage that we have is someone has to manually manage the updating the IPs configurations inside the traditional load balancer, which is an impossible scenario inside microservices applications. On top of these advantages, these traditional load balancers are complex in nature. Someone has to maintain them manually and they are not container friendly. Whenever we are using Docker containers, we can't use traditional load balancers with the primary reason that Docker containers can be created or destroyed at any point of time. So the summary from this discussion is, whenever you are using traditional load balancer, the biggest challenge will be that someone has to manually maintain the routing tables, which is an impossible task inside the microservices network. Because containers and microservices are ephemeral in nature. So what is ephemeral? Ephemeral means they are short lived and they will be disposed at any point of time. I hope you are clear with the discussion about the traditional load balancers. Inside the next lecture, let's try to understand how to overcome this challenge for cloud native applications and microservices applications. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.