In the previous lecture we discussed about the traditional load balancer and what are the limitations or disadvantages that we have whenever we try to use them inside the microservices or cloud native applications. So now inside this lecture, let's try to understand how to solve this problem or how to overcome this problem. Whenever we are trying to build cloud native applications or microservices service-discovery pattern is a perfect solution. So what is a service discovery pattern? This pattern involves tracking and storing all the information about the running service instances in a service registry. I know here it might be confusing, so let's try to understand more about these details. So the purpose of service registry is, whenever a new instance is being created, it should register inside the registry and at the same time, whenever it is terminated or being shut down or being deleted, it should also appropriately removed automatically. So if you started five different instances of loans microservice, all of them, they need to register themselves inside a service registry and using the same service registry, my accounts microservice can try to discover the loans microservice related information. So that's why the name service Discovery comes to this pattern. So here you may have a question like how my microservices, they can register themselves into a service registry and at the same time how my other microservices like accounts microservice, they can try to discover the other service details with the help of service registry. So don't worry, we are going to discuss all those details for now. Please hold on your question. Apart from service discovery and service registry, the next challenge that we have is, load balancing. So this load balancing challenge also addressed by these patterns. So let's try to understand more details here. The service registry, where it is going to maintain all the running service instances. It acknowledged that multiple instances of the same application can be active simultaneously. That's why whenever an other microservice it want to communicate with the backing service like loans microservice, it performs a lookup in the registry to determine the IP address to connect to. If multiple instances of a same microservice are available, then behind the scenes it is also going to perform the load balancing strategy and using the same load balancing strategy. It is going to eventually distribute the workload among all the running instances of a microservice like loans microservice. So this load balancing and service discovery can happen in two different styles. One is client side service discovery, and the other one is server side service discovery. So these are the two different approaches. Inside this section we are going to focus on client side service discovery. And towards the end of this course, when we are trying to use Kubernetes to deploy all our microservices at that specific time, I'm going to show you a demo of server side Discovery. So here you may have more questions. So let's try to understand more details here. Inside Microservices network are cloud native applications. We know that the IP addresses will be dynamically changing because we are going to change the number of instances whenever we want to perform auto scaling or in the scenarios of failures. So in these kind of dynamic situations, microservices patterns like service discovery and registration is a way for applications and microservices to locate each other on a network. So let's try to understand what are the components involved inside these patterns. The very first component is there will be a centralized server or a multiple servers that maintains a global view of address, just like how we have config server which is responsible to maintain all the configurations at a centralized location. Very similarly, we are going to create a central server that maintains the details of all the running services. So how it is going to maintain is whenever a particular micro service instance is trying to get started very first time, it is a responsibility of the microservice itself to connect to the central server and to register their address when they start and ready. So the microservice instance that started it has to communicate its IP address port details to the central server and with that the central server will maintain that information inside a service registry. And once the microservice is started, my central server also expects a regular heartbeats from my individual microservices confirming about their health. If my central server, which is acting as a service registry and service discovery, if it is not receiving the regular heartbeats, then it assumes the health of a particular microservice instance is not good and it is going to delete its IP details and all the address details from the service registry. And very similarly, whenever the microservices are being shut down or  being removed. They should also re-register their address details from the central server. So since my central server now has a global view of address, any other microservice which want to communicate with the backing microservice, it can connect with the central server and ask what are the IP address of so and so microservice. So the summary here is the service discovery and service registrations deals with the problems about how microservices talk with each other. So how this pattern is going to be implemented is, we are going to create a separate central server which is responsible to implement this service discovery and service registration. Previously I said that the service discovery can happen at the client side and the server side. Inside this section we are going to focus on client side service discovery. So let's try to understand more details how this client, side service discovery is going to work in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.