In the previous lecture, we discussed that service discovery, along with the service registration is going to solve the problem that we may face inside microservices while we are trying to establish the internal communication in the same discussion, I told you that there are two different approaches on how we can implement this service discovery. One is with the help of client side service discovery, and the other one is with the help of server side service Discovery. Inside this lecture, let me share more details about what is this client side service discovery and how it is going to work. Once we are clear about this approach, we are going to implement the same inside our microservices. Inside this client side Service Discovery approach, applications are responsible for registering themselves with the service registry during the startup. And similarly they need to unregister themselves when shutting down, like all the microservices during the startup and during the shutting down they need to make sure that they are updating their details with the service registry, either by adding the details or by removing the details. And once the service registry is updated, when an application or a microservice want to communicate with a backing service like an accounts microservice want to communicate with the loans microservice. In such scenarios, the account microservice will queries the service registry for the associated IP addresses of loans microservice. If multiple instances of the loan service are available inside the registry, the registry is going to return the list of IP addresses to the accounts microservice. Now the responsibility of selecting one of the IP address of the backing service or IP address of the loan service is on to the client microservice, which is accounts microservice. Since the responsibility is on the client side to decide to which instance of the backing service it needs to redirect the request that's why we call this approach as client side service discovery. Let me try to show how this flow works with a detailed explanation. In the very first step, we will have the service registry. So before we try to start all our microservices, first we need to make sure the service registry is started. So this is a very separate server running inside your microservice network. Now inside my microservice network, I'm trying to start two instances of loans microservice. And each of them has two different IP addresses. during the startup of these respective instances of loans microservice, these instances will connect with the service registry and update their IP addresses, hostname or port number. All those details will be registered with the service registry. And apart from the startup, they should also send the regular heartbeat signals to the service registry confirming their health status. So once we have these details of loans, microservice inside the service registry. Now I have my client, microservice with the name accounts microservice because this microservice want to connect with the loans. Microservice So now my accounts, microservice has a problem here. It don't know what are the details of loans microservice and how many instances of loans microservice are running. That's why it is simply going to ask the service registry, Hey dude, what are the address details of loans microservice. I want to know those details now. The service registry after validating the accounts microservice request, it is going to return the Hey buddy, these are the IP addresses of loans instances, so it will give the list of IP addresses. So now my account microservice has a problem here, so it receives multiple IP addresses of loans instance. In real prod applications, we may receive more than ten IPS because more than ten instances of loans microservice might be running. In this kind of situations. My account microservice is going to follow a load balancing strategy and based upon this load balancing strategy, it is going to forward the request to one of the loans microservice instance. So if you see here the responsibility of load balancing and service discovery is on the client microservice itself, which is account microservice. So the account microservice has to look for the service details. So we call that as service discovery, which is happening in the step two and step three. And once the service discovery is completed, the load balancing also is going to be taken care by the client microservice itself and post that the invocation to the actual microservice will happen. Since this responsibility is on the client side, we call this pattern as client side service discovery and load balancing. I hope this is clear. The same information I tried to mention inside the next slide. What is a client side service discovery, what will happen during the service registration, what will happen during the service Discovery and what will happen during the load balancing. So the main advantage with these client side service discovery is, you have an option to follow multiple strategies around the load balancing. You can follow the algorithm of round robin, which will take care of forwarding the request on a round robin fashion. And very similarly, we can also follow the weighted round robin or if needed, we can also follow the strategy like least connections, like whichever instance has least connections to the same, I want to forward the request. So that is called least connection strategy. Or you can write your own custom algorithms. So that's a primary advantage that we have with the client side service discovery. Whereas the drawback with these client side service discovery is, it assigns more responsibility to the developers. The reason is inside our individual microservices, we need to make some code changes so that they can talk with the service registration, they can perform some load balancing. So since there is a responsibility on the developers to achieve these client side service discovery, it is considered as its drawback. And at the same time, whenever we want to use client side service discovery, we need to maintain a centralized server which is going to maintain the service registration and support the service discovery. To overcome these challenges of client side service discovery. We also have server side discovery solution, which we can implement whenever we are trying to deploy our microservices inside a Kubernetes environment. Again, maintaining your microservices inside Kubernetes, deploying them into Kubernetes cluster. It involves a lot of team effort and you may need separate operations team and platform team who has a knowledge around the Kubernetes. And even mentioning the Kubernetes cluster inside the cloud is not going to be free. It is going to require a lot of budget on your project side. So if you ask me who will use client side and who will use server side, I would say the projects who can afford Kubernetes cluster and maintaining them inside the cloud environments. They can use server side discovery, whereas if projects they cannot afford the costly maintenance of Kubernetes clusters, they can go with the client side service discovery where they can develop their own centralized server that is responsible for service, registration and service discovery. But here it may sounds like very complex for you developing these separate server and implementing these service registration, service discovery and load balancing with the help of client side service discovery approach. But don't worry, it's not going to be super complex. It is going to be super, super simple with the help of Spring Cloud. So inside Spring Cloud, we have various options for incorporating these client side service discovery inside our spring boot based microservices. So more details I'm going to discuss in the coming lectures Before I try to close this lecture, let me show you the different perspective how these client side service discovery works. So that you will have more details about the client side service discovery. So whenever we are following the client side service, Discovery first will be your individual microservice where they are trying to get started inside your microservices network. Like you can see there are two instances of accounts microservice, there are two instances of loans and cards microservice And just like how we have these microservices as we'll also have a supporting component or a centralized server which is responsible to maintain the service registry and service discovery. So these centralized server, we call it as service discovery layer. Inside this layer we can deploy any number of instances of service discovery node based upon the load that you can expect. We can create any number of instances and deploy them inside our microservices network. And one of the beauty of this service discovery layer is no one has to maintain the IP addresses of the microservices manually, like we discussed inside the traditional load balancer. So that manual task we don't need to follow here. Instead, my individual microservices during the startup they will communicate with the service discovery layer and try to register themselves like, this is my IP address, this is my hostname, this is my port number. And the beauty here is, even if your individual microservice is trying to register the details with one of the service discovery, the same details will be shared with the other service discovery nodes immediately based upon the gossip protocol. So based upon this gossip protocol, all your service discovery nodes inside your service discovery layer, they are going to communicate regularly and they will keep themselves updated with all the details that are being received from the individual microservices. For example, whenever my account microservice is trying to register its details with the service node one, the same details will be shared to the other service nodes also immediately. And this is how all the nodes will have the same and updated information at any point of time. And apart from the startup, my individual microservices, they are also going to send the heartbeat signals regularly to the service discovery layer. So once this setup is completed. Now my other microservices like who want to communicate with my accounts microservice, loans microservice or cards microservice. They will send a request to the service discovery layer by using a logical path. Like you can see here, whatever microservice who want to communicate with the accounts microservice, they are going to send a logical path with a DNS name along with the Path accounts. So based upon this logical name, my service discovery layer is going to return the list of IPS to the client microservice and based upon those IP address, the load balancing will happen at the client side and they will try to communicate with the actual microservice. So this way my client applications are microservice. They never have to worry about the direct IP details of the microservice. They just invoke the service discovery layer with the logical service name and post that based upon the actual IP address, they are going to invoke the actual microservices. So now here you may have question like where is the client side load balancing is going to happen. As of now, you can see inside this slide only the service discovery is right now happening. So let's try to see how the client side load balancing will happen. If you see inside this slide, there is a scenario where my accounts microservice is trying to connect with the other microservices like loans and cards microservice. So all the story is same. Like all the individual microservices, they will try to register with the service discovery layer and my accounts microservice whenever it want to connect with the loans microservice, first, it will check whether it has any details of the loans microservice in its own cache. If there are no cache details available regarding the details of the loans microservice or cards microservice, it is going to send a request to the service discovery layer which will return the list of IP addresses. Now, at this point of time, my accounts microservice is going to cache them so that for each and every request it don't have to rely on the service discovery layer. This way we are also going to reduce the burden on the service discovery layer. Think of a scenario where you have 100 different microservices and if they try to communicate with the service discovery layer for each and every request, it is going to be a lot of burden on your service discovery layer. That's why all my client microservices applications, they are going to invoke the service discovery layer very first time once they have the complete details of all the instances of loans microservice or cards microservice, they are going to cast them inside their local memory. And for all the future requests, they are going to use the IP addresses present inside the cache. But here you may have question like what if the IP addresses change? That's why to overcome this challenge behind the scenes, this client side service discovery makes sure the cache is being refreshed for every few seconds like 10s or 15 seconds or 20s. On top of that, whenever an exception happen. If my accounts microservice is trying to communicate with other microservices with the help of client side caching, then immediately it is going to invalidate the client cache and it will try to get the latest IP address details from the service discovery layer. So all this is going to happen behind the scenes automatically. We don't have to code these as developers. We just have to know what projects we have to use inside Spring Cloud and how to configure them inside our microservices network. I hope this is clear on how these client side service discovery is going to work. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.