We discussed a lot about client side service discovery, and right now we have complete theory knowledge. The next immediate question that you may have here is, how I can implement this client side service discovery inside my microservices network. Like I said before, we have a friend Spring Cloud, so let's try to tap into our friend and see what are the options that our friend is going to provide here. With the help of Spring Cloud project, implementing service discovery and registration inside a microservice network is going to be super, super simple. We are going to implement the same in the coming lectures and in the same process you will realize how easy it is. So there are multiple components we need to use from the spring cloud project. So the very first component that we need to use is Spring Cloud Netflix's Eureka! So this is a service which will act as a central server, which is responsible for service registration and service discovery. In simple words, we can call this as a service discovery agent. Now for the load balancing, we are going to use Spring Cloud Load Balancer library and using the same library, we are going to perform the client side load balancing. And at last we are also going to use Netflix Feign client. Once we identify actual service details with the help of Eureka Agent and Load Balancer, we need some library to communicate with the other service, just like how we have REST template and web client inside the spring core framework. Very similarly, we can use this library which is Netflix Feign client to perform the actual invocation of REST APIs whenever we are trying to have a communication between the microservices. So these components are the mostly used components by the industry. That's why we are going to use the same inside the course. But apart from these components, we also have other projects inside the industry. For example, instead of Eureka, we can also use other products like Etcd, Consul and Apache Zookeeper. So these products are also good. But since we are right now building the microservices with the help of Spring Boot, it will be a wise decision to choose one of the project within the same ecosystem, so that the integration with the other projects inside the same ecosystem is going to be super, super easy. And right now we decided to use spring cloud load balancer for client side load balancing. In some old projects or in some projects where they are using the older versions of Spring Boot. You may see they are using Netflix Ribbon for client side load balancing. This is also good and stable product, but we're not going to use that because, the Netflix Ribbon library right now, it is in the maintenance mode and unfortunately there are no new enhancements or upgrades are happening. The reason is we have a latest library, which is Spring Cloud Load Balancer, which came as a replacement for the Netflix Ribbon client. So that's why we are going to use Spring Cloud load Balancer, anytime if you listen about Netflix Ribbon or any other products, don't worry on why we have not used them inside our microservices network because we are trying to use the most stable and most recent products inside this course. So on a high level, whenever we try to implement these client side service discovery inside our microservices applications, we are going to get a lot of benefits, like there are no limitations on availability. We can have multiple nodes of service discovery nodes we can deploy inside the service discovery layer and post that the peer to peer communication we can achieve with the help of service discovery agent. And next, the most important advantage, which is all the IPS configurations and load balancers, they can change dynamically, but still the microservices communication is going to happen because all these configurations and IPS are going to be updated dynamically behind the scenes by my service discovery and service registration components. And apart from these advantages, whenever we follow these client side service discovery, the communication between the microservices is going to be fault tolerant and resilient in nature. We are going to discuss in the coming lectures how we can make the communication between the microservice as fault tolerant and resilient. So let me quickly show you about these projects inside the official spring website. So here I came to the spring.io project. If you can run this projects here we have Spring Cloud project and this spring cloud project we have many other sub projects. The projects right now we are interested is, Spring Cloud Netflix. If you can click on this Spring Cloud Netflix, it will open in a new tab. And very similarly, we are also interested on Spring Cloud, Open Feign. So like I said, Spring Cloud Open Feign we can use to communicate with the other REST APIs just like rest template and web client. So more details to follow around this Open Feign. And very similarly, we also have Spring Cloud Netflix. So inside the Spring Cloud Netflix, there are many components like Eureka Server which will act as a service discovery agent and at the same time it is also going to provide the load balancer with the help of spring cloud load balancer. So if we can scroll down, you can see Spring Cloud Netflix features like it is going to support the service discovery with the help of Eureka Server. So here you may have a question like why there is a name Netflix, we all know what is Netflix? So it's a ott platform where we see our favorite movies and web series. So there is a story on why we have this Netflix name here. To tell this story let me go to the blog, which is written by the official tech team from the Netflix. So inside this blog you can see all the history is present like back in the 2007 when Netflix is trying to build a lot of services that can run on the cloud infrastructure. They build a lot of libraries internally, like Ribbon for Load balancing, Eureka for service discovery and Hystrix for the fault tolerance and to stitch all these components they also used another library with the name generator. But around 2012 they open sourced all these components by donating them to the spring community. So with all the libraries donated by the Netflix team to the Spring community, a new project came into picture in 2015 with the name Spring Cloud Netflix. So this project developed by the spring team itself, based upon the libraries donated by the Netflix since the spring team. They want to acknowledge the contributions by the Netflix team. They have mentioned these Netflix inside the project name. After 2015, there are many updates came to the spring cloud Netflix. As of now you can see we have the version which is 4.0.2. So from 2015 to the present day, there are many updates happen inside the Spring Cloud Netflix. Since these updates are happening based upon the latest trends and in the right direction. Netflix team also, they started using Spring Boot as their core Java framework from 2018. And along with the Spring boot framework, they also leverage Spring Cloud Netflix to a great extent from 2018. So if you can scroll down here, initially the setup inside the Netflix used to be like you can see on the left hand side. So there used to be a governator which can monitor all the components. So for client side load balancing, there used to use ribbon and service discovery, Eureka and fault tolerance they used to use hystrix. But now with the latest trends happening, there are many advancements happened on the spring cloud project. That's why the Netflix team, they are using Spring boot and along with the spring cloud load balancer instead of Ribbon, followed by Spring Cloud Eureka. And for fault tolerance. They are not using Hystrix because it is outdated. Now we have Resilience4j to implement fault tolerance. So if you see we are going to use the same tech stack inside our course also, we are going to use spring cloud load balancer. We are also going to use Resiliency4j. And on top of that, we are also going to use Spring Cloud, Open feign to establish the communications between the microservices. So I'm going to mention these URL inside the GitHub repo and at the same time I'm also going to attach this URL details to this lecture. So please try to refer the same and try to read this story in detail and this gives you some confidence that you're not learning something very old. You are learning mostly used, mostly stable, and most latest components inside this course. If Netflix itself is using, then any project can use because the traffic handled by the Netflix is very huge. So I'm assuming you are clear on what components we are going to use to build the client side service discovery inside our microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.