Inside this lecture, let's try to build a service discovery agent with the help of Eureka available inside the Spring Cloud Netflix project. As of now, you can see inside the GitHub repo I have uploaded all the code from the section 2, section 4, section 6 and section 7. So since we are into a new section, I'm going to create a new folder inside my workspace. So inside my workspace. So here I'm going to create a new folder and the folder name is going to be section 8. And inside this section 8, I can copy the code from the section 7, but I'm not going to do that because section 7 code is using MySQL database related changes. Since we decided to use H2 database, what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy the code from the section 6 v2 folder. I'm copying all these folders here and I'm going to paste the same inside the section 8. With this we have our section 8 initial code is ready, So let me go to the interleague idea and try to open this section 8 folder. Here Inside my idea I'm clicking on this open button post that I'm going to storage, workspaces, microservices and Section 8. . I'm just clicking on this open button. So this will open a new workspace with all my Maven projects. So let me click on this load button post that I'm going to remove all the code changes related to the Spring Cloud bus and the Rabbitmq because we don't want to carry unnecessary libraries and containers to the new sections due to the reason that all these containers can slow our local system. So that's why let's try to use what is needed in a particular section. So let me open the config server here. Inside this, I have opened the pom.xml and I'm looking for library related to the spring cloud bus. So this is the library. So let me delete this. And I'm also going to delete the spring cloud config monitor. So let me click on this load Maven changes post that I'm going to open the application.yml file. So I'm here, I'm clicking on the application.yml and I'm going to delete the properties related to the rabbitmq. So let me delete these properties. Now I'm going to delete the similar changes for other microservices behind the scenes. I'm not going to do them in front of you just to save some time. If you are also doing the coding along with me, please pass the video and delete all these Spring Cloud bus and Rabbitmq related libraries from the accounts, cards and loans microservice. Now I have completed deleting the spring cloud bus related changes inside the pom.xml and application.yml of all the microservices like loans, cards and accounts microservice. As a next step, I can go ahead and create a service discovery agent with the help of Eureka. For the same, I came to the Start.spring.io website. Here you can see I have filled all the required details already. You know the drill. The project build tool that we are going to use is Maven and the language is Java and coming to the Spring boot version. Please go with that default selected latest most stable version of Spring boot. Coming to the group, we need to fill it as com.eazybytes and the artifact is going to be the eureka the same for name. Under the description, I have provided the description saying that service discovery agent for Eazy Bank microservices and the package name will be populated based upon your group and artifact and the packaging is going to be jar and I'm going to use a Java 17 version. Coming to the dependencies, we need to search for Eureka since we are trying to build the Eureka Server, which is going to act as a service discovery agent, we need to select this Eureka server dependency. Please don't select this Eureka Discovery client. We need to consider these Eureka Discovery client dependency inside the microservices like accounts, loans and cards. But right now, inside this lecture, we are trying to build a service discovery agent that's why we need to select these Eureka server dependency. After adding this dependency, I'm also going to add config client dependency because my Eureka server will connect to the config server to load all the properties related to the Eureka server. So that's why I'm going to add this config client dependency. And after this I'm going to add the actuator dependency. With these three dependencies, we should be good. Let me click on this generate button and with that a new Maven based project will be generated and pasting that new Maven project that we have created inside this section 8. Right now you can see it is in the zip format. So let me try to extract this. So I have extracted this into a folder. Now I can delete this dot zip file. As a next step I'll go to my IntelliJ idea and try to load these new Maven project into my workspace. Here you can see already my IntelliJ idea detected my new project, but right now it is not detected as a maven project. So what I need to do is, I need to go to my Maven tab here and click on this add Maven projects and select this Eureka server. with that. My Eureka server will be detected as a maven project inside my workspace. So let me close this Maven tab. Now I'm going to open the main class of my Eureka server. The main class you can easily identify. It is going to have this annotation, which is spring boot application, so it is trying to download the Maven dependencies. So let's give few seconds for these dependencies to download. After waiting for few seconds, all the required maven dependencies are downloaded. Now on top of this Eureka server application class, I need to mention an annotation which is @EnableEurekaServer . So this annotation is very important. Using this annotation, we are trying to convert a normal spring boot project to act as an service discovery agent with the help of Eureka libraries present inside the Spring Cloud Netflix project. So let me save these changes. Now as a next step, we need to go and open the application.properties file. So as of now you can see this is empty. Let me rename these dot properties file to dot yaml file so that we can try to provide the configurations with the Yaml format. So let me remove these dot properties and replace it with dot yml. So now here I need to mention the properties. The first set of properties that I want to mention here is, config server details so that my Eureka server can connect with the config server during the startup and try to fetch the properties related to Eureka Server. So for the same we can open any of the application.yml present inside any of the microservices. So let me open this application.yml. So here you can see first we need to make sure we are mentioning this spring application.name. So let me copy this spring application.name and mention the same inside the Eureka server. So here the application name is going to be Eureka Server. Once we mention this Eureka server details, we need to add the config server details. So let me copy this value which is spring.config.import the same I'm going to mention here under the same position where my application started. So here I'm going to mention the same like spring.config.import and this is the URL of config server which is localhost 8071. Now I should also enable the readiness and liveness of Eureka Server because later on inside the Docker compose file we are going to make sure that Eureka server is started before accounts, loans and cards microservice. Since my other microservice has an dependency on this Eureka server, I need to define the health check details inside my docker compose file. So whenever we want to define health check details, we need to make sure we are exposing the readiness and liveness details. We already mentioned these properties inside the config server, so let me go to the config server application.yml file and inside the same application.yml file you can see we can copy all these actuator related properties. I'm going to mention the same inside the application.yml of Eureka Server. So here management endpoints I am trying to expose everything. After that, I'm trying to enable health related URLs along with the readiness state and liveness state. With this I have added all the required properties inside the applicationyml file. The remaining set of properties I'm going to maintain inside the config server. Let's go to our GitHub repository where we are maintaining all the configurations related to microservices. This is my GitHub repository with the name Eazybytes-config. You can see here I have already uploaded an Yaml file here with the name eurekaserver.properties. So here I don't have other property files related to prod and qa because my Eureka server is going to behave or work in very similar way in all kind of profiles like default and production, since my Eureka server does not have any dependency on database credentials or any other business logic where it has to behave differently based upon different environment. I'm going to create a single Yaml file with the name Eureka Server, so please make sure the same Eureka server you have mentioned inside the spring.application name. So please take this value and search here and make sure the name of the file is matching with what you have mentioned in the applications.yml. So here, let's try to understand what properties I have given. You can also get these Yaml file from the GitHub repo and try to mention the same inside your own GitHub repo. The very first one it is pretty clear we want our Eureka server to get started at the port 8070 post that I have started a new element which is Eureka and a Eureka. I have mentioned instance. After instant I have mentioned a element with the name hostname and here I'm mentioning the localhost. So with this eureka.instance.hostname we are telling to the Eureka server what host name it has to consider. Obviously inside our local system, the host name is going to be localhost. And after this localhost configuration, I have mentioned eureka.client.fetchregistry as false and register with Eureka as false. So let's try to understand what is the purpose of these properties. Fetch registry I'm mentioning as false. So by default it is true here I'm trying to set false. The reason is I don't want my Eureka server to fetch the registry details of other microservices. My Eureka server never going to call the microservices. That's why it is unnecessary to fetch all the registry details of the microservices. That's why I'm mentioning these value as false. Whereas in our individual microservices like accounts, loans and cards, this value should be true and which is the default behavior. Since I want to change the default behavior here, I am setting this value as false. Now register with Eureka. So I'm telling to my Eureka server, Don't register with yourself and don't expose your details into the registry of the service Discovery. Since we don't want our Eureka server to register with itself, we have to mention these property as false. And at last I have mentioned eureka.client.service URL and this service URL, I have mentioned one more element which is default zone. And here I have mentioned a property which is the URL where my Eureka server is going to expose its functionality and other microservices they can try to connect to register their details or to discover other service details. So you can see here the host name I'm trying to fetch from these properties that's why I have mentioned the variable name as eureka.instance.hostname and the port number from this variable server.port. And at last there is a path which is /eureka. So these are default service URL that we want to consider. So with these properties now during the startup, my Eureka server is going to connect with the config server and fetch all these properties and start with these eureka related configurations. So now we have made all the required changes inside the Eureka Server. As a next step, let me do a build now to test this Eureka server, if we have set up properly or not, I can first start my config server because my Eureka server has a dependency on the config server. So I'm trying to start my config server. Once the config server is started, we can confirm if the config server is loaded, all the eureka related properties. So for the same I'm going to invoke this URL which is localhost:8071/eurekaserver. So that is the application name followed by what is the profile which is default profile. So let me invoke this. You can see all the properties that we have defined or loaded by the config server. Now we can try to start the Eureka server. To start the Eureka Server, I'm going to open the main class and here try to start my application in a debug mode. So this will start my Eureka server at the port 8070. So if you see the logs first it tried to connect with the config server at the port 8071 and loaded all the default properties and that's why it has started at the port 8070. Now to validate if my Eureka server started perfectly or not, I'm going to access a path which is localhost 8070. So this is the route path we need to access the same. So as soon as I access, you can see I'm getting the Eureka dashboard as of now, this is the dashboard provided by the Spring Eureka Server itself. I have not made any code changes to build this page, but still I'm able to access it. The purpose of this Eureka dashboard is once the other microservices, they started registering their details with the Eureka Server. We can see all those details inside this dashboard. So as of now it is empty. Like there are no instances currently registered with Eureka because as of now we have not established the link between other microservices to Eureka Server. But this is a good start. This confirms that our Eureka Server setup is successful. I hope you followed all the steps for your reference, I also mentioned all the steps that we have followed inside this slide. Please refer to the same whenever you want to quickly refresh all the steps that we have followed. With this, we successfully set up the Eureka Server. The next step, obviously is, to establish a link between our individual microservices with the service Discovery agent, which is Eureka Server. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.