As of now, we saw the demo that our individual microservice, they are able to connect with the Eureka Server during the startup and register themselves. That's why we are able to see the details of our microservices inside the dashboard of Eureka Server. Now, inside this lecture, I'm going to show you a demo of how our microservices, they are going to deregister themselves during the shutdown process. In order to see the same, we should not shut down our applications or microservices using IntelliJ idea. So here we have an option to shut down our stop our microservices. But we should not use this because this is going to kill your application instantly. And usually we will not follow this approach inside higher environments like dev, qa and prod. We are going to shut down our applications, our microservices using some scripts or by using the shutdown path available inside the actuator. Previously, we added some shutdown related properties inside loans, cards and accounts microservice. If you can scroll up here, we have enabled the shutdown related endpoints and at the same time, we also mentioned these properties under management. So with these properties now there will be an shutdown endpoint exposed inside the actuator of your microservices. To know more details about the shutdown path available inside the actuator. I'm going to invoke this path which is localhost:8080/actuator/shutdown. So this is the actuator URL available inside my accounts microservice. So if you try to invoke this, you can see here right now it is throwing an error saying that we cannot invoke this API with the help of Http get(). We should use only http post(). So that's why let's take this URL and try to invoke this API path from our postman. So here inside the postman under the accounts microservice, you should be able to see a request with the name shutdown. So if we can open that, you can see this one we are trying to invoke with the help of post method and this is the URL. So if I try to send the request to this API path by clicking on this send button, my account service will try to shut down itself and the shutdown process is not going to be immediate, It is going to take some grace period and make sure it is performing some task before it is trying to shut down. One of such task is to deregister the details with the Eureka Server. So let's try to see this in the demo. I'm clicking on this send button. You can see I got a message saying that shutting down, Bye bye. So this is our response that we got. Now let's go to the Eureka dashboard and see if our accounts microservice details are available. So here I will try to refresh this page. You can see here right now, AccountsApplication related information is not present inside this Eureka dashboard. That means my accounts microservice during the shutdown process, it deregistered itself from the Eureka server. And with that, there won't be any details about accounts microservice inside the service registry that is maintained by the Eureka Server. Inside the logs, we can also see this. If we can open the logs related to AccountsApplication, you should be able to see some logs here. You can see here stopping service and there is a log related to Unregistering and there is a message also. So and so account is de-registered and the status from the Eureka server is 200 confirming that all the details about these accounts microservice instance is removed from the service registry. So let's try to confirm the same by testing loans and cards microservice also. Before that I will try to clean the console of loans and cards. Now inside the postman, I'm going to open the cards folder and open this request which is shut down. So here we need to invoke the same path, but this time the port number should be 9000 as we are trying to shut down the cards microservice. So as soon as I click on the send button you can see I'm getting a response. Now let me do the same for loans microservice also, under loans folder there is a shutdown related request. So let me click on that and post that. I'm going to submit this request by clicking on the send button and I will get a response. I'll go to my Eureka dashboard now. Inside the Eureka dashboard, I'm going to refresh this page. And you see, there are no instances available right now inside my dashboard because all the microservices, they unregistered themselves from the service registry. So if there are no details inside the service registry, then there is no concept of service discovery. So now let's validate the un-registration process inside the console of loans and cards microservice. So here under the CardsApplication, you can see here there is a message saying that and registering and post that we also received 200 status from the Eureka Server. So the same we can confirm under loans also here also we have these kind of logs. So this confirms the behavior that all our applications, if they get stopped gracefully, they will deregister themselves from the Eureka dashboard. This way the registration process and the un-registration process is happening automatically during the startup and shutting down of the application or the microservice. Inside the next lecture, let's try to see the heartbeat behavior, how the heartbeats are going to be sent to Eureka Server from our individual microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.