Now inside this lecture, let's see the demo of heartbeats that will be sent by the microservices to the Eureka Server. So to get started with this discussion, first, I need to make sure all of my microservices are started. So let me start all my microservices. Like first I'm trying to start the loans followed by cards and at last I'll also start the accounts microservice. So by the time these microservices starts successfully. Behind the scenes, they will also register their instance details with the Eureka Server. So we can also validate the same by going into the Eureka dashboard. So here I'm going to refresh this page and you can see this time, we are able to see all the instances currently registered with Eureka. As a next step to show you that microservices are trying to attempt to send the heartbeat every 30s, which is the default period. I'm going to shut down the Eureka server. Here before I try to shut down the Eureka Server. Let me clean all the console of accounts, loans and cards microservice. Post that I'm going to stop the Eureka Server. With that, we will be able to see some exceptions inside the console of our microservices. That they are trying to send the heartbeat but Eureka Server is not responding. So let's wait for 30s. Post that we should be able to see some errors inside the microservices console. So here you can see for AccountsApplication, a new exception is generated. If you go and try to understand these exception, there will be details related to heartbeat. Maybe what we can do is, we can try to search for a word heartbeat here. So let me search for this and there are so many matches with the word heartbeat, you should be able to see these kind of message like was unable to send Heartbeat to Eureka Server. You can see in the logs it is trying to send the request of type PUT to so and so URL of Eureka to update the heartbeat details. But since the Eureka server itself is down, we are seeing this exception inside the console of AccountsApplication. . The same we can see inside the LoansApplication also and followed by CardsApplication even inside the CardsApplication console also we have errors related to heartbeat. So this confirms that our individual microservices, they are trying to send the heartbeat signal to the Eureka server. With this it should be clear for you, like during the startup, the registration will be taken care by the individual microservices and once the services are started, even the heartbeat also will be sent every 30s to the Eureka server to make sure that Eureka server is maintaining only the instance details which are healthy and at last during the shutdown process also our microservices, they are going to unregister themselves and all these steps are going to happen automatically. No where we are doing this manually, the communication between microservices and Eureka Server is happening automatically. So now we have the Eureka Server, which is acting as a service discovery agent and at the same time our microservices are also communicating their instance details to the Eureka Service Registry. As a next step, we need to understand how a microservice can rely on this Eureka server to discover the other service details and in the same process how it is going to perform the load balancing. So let's try to understand all these details from the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.