Inside this lecture, let's try to understand why we are seeing this error or warning inside the Eureka dashboard. As of now, if you try to read this message, it is not going to make any sense. Once I explain a beautiful concept available inside the Eureka Server, then this warning is going to make more sense to you. So whatever warning that we are seeing on the Eureka dashboard, that is because due to a concept called self-preservation inside the Eureka Server. Sometimes Eureka Server will enter or will activate a self-preservation mode. So let's try to understand what is the self-preservation and when this will be activated inside the Eureka Server. In a normal working microservice network, Eureka Server will expert heartbeats from the microservice instances that are registered with it. So for some reason, if the Eureka Server does not receiving a heartbeat from a particular microservice instance within a certain time frame, then it assumes that the instance has become unresponsive, crashed or it became unhealthy. So based upon this assumption, my Eureka server is going to delete the details of that particular instance, which is not responding from the service registry details. So that it cannot be discovered by the other services. So this default behavior helps a Eureka server to maintain up to date view of all the registered healthy service instances. But sometimes network issues can happen, in real life also, sometimes we see a particular website may not work for a few seconds or few minutes After few minutes. Once the network issue is resolved, the website we can access without any issues. The similar kind of network related glitches can happen inside the Microservice network as well. So in these kind of situations, whenever there are some temporary system delays or network glitches inside your network, Eureka Server will definitely miss few heartbeats from the microservices instances leading to a false expiration or false removal of the service instances. And this can result into unnecessary evictions of healthy service instances from the registry, causing instability and disruption inside your microservice network. For example, think like there is a network glitch happen for five minutes inside your microservice network. And due to this network glitch for a total period of five minutes, my Eureka server is not going to receive any heartbeats from any of the microservice instance. And if it starts expiring all the instances from the Eureka Server Registry, then the Eureka server will be empty. And once the service registry is empty and if someone is trying to invoke the other microservices with the help of service discovery and client side load balancing, then definitely they will get an exception because there are no registered instances with the Eureka Server. So how to overcome these false alarms are temporary or short network glitches that can happen inside your microservice network. So to mitigate this risk, Eureka Server is going to enter a self-preservation mode. As soon as my Eureka Server realizes that majority of the microservices instances are not sending the heartbeat, then it is not going to react and remove all the service instance details from the registry. Instead, it is going to enter into a self-preservation mode and once the Eureka Server enters into this mode, even if it is not receiving the heartbeat signals from the service instances, it is not going to remove the service details from the service registry. So this prevents the Eureka server from evicting all the instances due to some temporary network delays or temporary network glitches. Many times the network issues can be on the internet provider or it can be on the cloud provider side, or it can be within the microservice network regardless of where the issue is, after few minutes or few seconds, the network related issue will get automatically resolved. So for these kind of scenarios only, we have these Eureka self-preservation mode. Inside this self-preservation mode. The Eureka Server continues to serve the registered instances to client applications. Even it suspects that some instances are no longer available. Maybe the network glitch might be present only between the Eureka Server and actual running instances. So with that assumption, it will keep running and keep providing the instance details that it has to the client microservices. And this way it will try to maintain the stability and availability of the service registry, ensuring that clients can still discover and interact with the available instances. And once the self-preservation mode is activated, it is not going to be expired or deactivated until unless a particular threshold of healthy instances is reached or the down services are brought back to online or the network glitch is resolved. On high level the summary is, Eureka Server is not going to panic whenever it is not receiving heartbeats from the majority of the instances. Instead, it will be calm and enter into the self-preservation mode and it will do the meditation. So during the self-preservation mode or during this meditation process, it is not going to evict all the instances from the service registry. So this feature is a savior where the network glitches are common and help us to handle the false positive alarms. Let me explain these Eureka self-preservation mode with a visual explanation. Like you can see here, initially there are five loans microservice instances, all these five instances of loans microservice. They registered themselves with the Eureka Server during the startup and they are also sending the heartbeat for every 30s. So in this initial scenario, you can see all the five instances of loans microservice are working without any issues and this is the scenario before encountering the network problem. You can see here under Eureka, we have all the instance details saying that instance one is up and very similarly one, two, three, four, five. Now assume like there is a network problem between the Eureka and microservices instances. In such scenario, my instance four and instance five will stop sending the heartbeat signals and here my Eureka server is not going to remove them from the service registry immediately. Instead, it is going to give you three chances for my instance four and instance five, which means it is going to wait for total 90s and if the heartbeat signal is not received for continuous three attempts with a total period of 90s, then my Eureka server will assume that instance four and instance five are not healthy and it is going to remove the instance four and instance five details from the service registry. That's why you can see here we have right now one, two, three instance details only under the Eureka Server. With this Now my Eureka server is going to enter the self-preservation mode since it met the default threshold, which is 85%, which means once my Eureka server realizes 15% of the total instances of loans microservice are expired, then it is not going to expire the other loans microservice instance. So right now we are into a self-preservation mode. Let's see what is going to happen in the next slide. You can see here now my instance three also not sending the heartbeats. But right now, since my Eureka server is in the self-preservation mode, it is not going to remove the instance three related details from the service Registry. I hope you are clear like how this self-preservation mode is going to work. Like you can see here, these are few of the properties that will impact the self-preservation mode behavior directly or indirectly. The very first property, which is eureka.instance.lease-renewal-interval-in-seconds, will have a default value 30s. With this property and its corresponding value, the Eureka Server is going to expect the heartbeat signals from the client  microservices for every 30s. And the next property which is eureka.instance.lease-expiration-duration-in-seconds, which will have a default value of 90s. With this property, my Eureka server is going to wait a maximum of 90s to receive a heartbeat signal from a particular microservice instance. Within this 90s, If it is not going to receive the heartbeat, then it can evict the instance from the service registry. And the next property that we have here is, eureka.server.eviction-interval-timer -milliseconds, and the default value here is 60*1000 milliseconds. With that the total value will be 60s. So the purpose of this property is, like I said, the Eureka server is going to evict the unhealthy service details from the service registry and this is not going to happen every second there is going to be a scheduler which will run behind the scenes and we can set the frequency for this scheduler. So by default, this scheduler is going to run every 60s. So whenever it is trying to run this task, it will check if the self-preservation mode is activated or not. If it is not activated, then it will perform the eviction process. If the self-preservation mode is activated, then it will not do any further evictions from the service registry and the next property, which is eureka.server.renewal-percent-threshold. So this property and its value is used to calculate the expected percentage of heartbeats per minute Eureka is expecting. If my Eureka did not receive at least a minimum 85% of the heartbeats from the instances, then it is going to enter into the Self-preservation mode. And here you may have a question like how my Eureka server will know what are the total number of heartbeats that it is going to expect. Maybe during the startup of the Eureka Server, we may have total ten instances of microservices running and with ten instances my Eureka server will expect at least nine instances to send the heartbeat signal. But later on after one hour, we may onboard 20 more instances. So how my Eureka server will know how to calculate these correct threshold heartbeats that it is going to expect. The answer for this question is the next property. Like you can see using the next property and its value, a scheduler will run behind the scenes to calculate the expected total number of heartbeats that my Eureka server should expect per minute. And by default, this scheduler is going to run for every 15 minutes. So every 15 minutes this task will run behind the scenes and my Eureka server will know what are the total number of heartbeats that it should expect and based upon the total value, it is going to calculate the threshold value and based upon the threshold value, it is going to activate the self-preservation mode. For some reason, if your project don't like the self-preservation mode of Eureka Server, you can permanently disable it by using the last property, and this property by default will have true value. If you want to disable the self-preservation mode, please set this property with the value false. When you disable the self-preservation mode and if your microservice network has a network glitch, then no one can save your microservice network because all the service details will be deleted from the service registry and your service registry will be empty, which may result into some stability issues inside your microservice network. I hope you are clear like what is the self-preservation mode? Now let's try to read the warning inside the Eureka dashboard and this time it is going to make sense to you. So the warning is emergency. Eureka may be incorrectly claiming instances are up when they are not. Renewals are lesser than threshold and hence the instances are not being expired just to be safe. So it is telling whatever instance details that we are seeing here, they may be wrong. This is because renewals, which is like heartbeats or lesser than threshold and hence the instances are not being expired just to be safe. So it is saying since heartbeats are lesser than expected, it is not deleting the instance details from the service registry just to be safe. I hope you are super, super clear. So in future, whenever you see this warning, don't panic. Once the network issue is resolved and all your microservice instances are starting sending the heartbeat signal, then automatically this warning will disappear from the Eureka dashboard. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.