Now inside this lecture, let's try to start all the microservices and config server, Eureka server with a single docker compose command. For the same, I need to navigate to the Docker compose folder inside the Section8 and once I'm into this Docker compose folder, I'm going to navigate further into default profile. And inside this default profile only we have the Docker compose yml file which is specific to the default environment. So from this location I'm going to run the command which is Docker compose app followed by -d. Before you try to execute this command, please make sure you don't have any other running containers or stopped containers so that you are giving enough memory to the Docker compose command. So here you can see there are no running containers. So I'm trying to run this command and post that we can try to validate our Eureka changes. So this is going to take 1 to 2 minutes, so let's wait for this to get completed. You can see first my config server microservice only is trying to start until my config server microservice health is good. No other microservice container is not going to start. Once the config server is healthy, then my eureka server microservice is starting so you can see for config server it is declared as healthy. Then only my eureka server is trying to start. I have waited for a few minutes and eventually my Eureka server failed to start. Let's try to understand what is the exception that we have here. Inside my containers I can click on my Eureka Server -ms. Here you can see it seems it is not able to connect with my config server that's why I'm able to see this exceptions. So let's try to understand what is the issue here. Inside my Docker compose file for Eureka Server, we are extending the service which is microservice-base-config. So for whenever we are using microservice base config, we're only going to get the network related configurations and these deployment related configurations. So can we use this microservice-configserver-config. Off course we can't use this because this configuration has one more environment variable extra which is eureka client service URL underscore default zone, which is not required for the Eureka server. That's why I'm going to simply take these environment variables like SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE along with the spring config import and mention the same under the Docker compose file. Instead of this, we can try to create one more service here. Let me try to create one more service which is going to have Eureka specific details. So the service name I'm going to keep it as micro service-ureka-config and this is going to extend microservices config server config. So let me mention the same. And inside this depends on we can remove this config server related dependency details since this information is already available inside this service. Now, as a next step I can remove these spring profiles active and spring config import since that is already available in the top service. So now you can see this is going to have simply the details related to the Eureka server and the dependency on the Eureka server. Now from the config server service, I'm going to delete the dependency details of Eureka Server and under the environment I'm going to delete the Eureka client related information. Because that information we have under this eureka config related service. So with these changes we need to go to the Docker compose file under accounts microservice, we should use the microservice-eureka-config and let me do the same for loans microservice and cards microservice. After mentioning these details inside the respective microservices for the Eureka Server, I'm going to extend the microservice config server config. So let me take the service name and mention the same here under the Eureka server. With that, we don't have to mention these depends on we can remove this since this is already present inside the commonconfig.yml. Now we have spring application name here and other environment properties like spring profile active and spring config import details here. So with this I'm assuming we should be good. Let me save this changes and try to run the Docker compose command again. So let me clean the console here and run the command which is docker compose down. After running this command, all my running containers and stopped containers will be removed. As a next step, I will try to run the command which is Docker compose app -d, So let's hope for the best this time. This time also, unfortunately, the Docker compose command didn't start my Eureka service successfully. Don't hate me here, let me try to identify what's the issue. So let me check what mistake I have done inside my config.yml. The issue here is, if you see here under the environment we need to mention these properties just inside as child elements, but previously I have mentioned them just under the environment element. So that's why since I missed a Tab space while mentioning these environment variables, my Eureka server is not able to connect with the config server, so please make sure these environment variables always under this environment property as a child elements. With this, I'm hoping for the last time that our Docker compose command is going to work. So let me save these changes and run the command clear and after that I'm going to run docker compose -d command. So let me pray God here and press enter. This time you can see my Eureka server started successfully. That's why my other microservices are trying to get started. So let's try to validate the same inside the Docker dashboard. Here first, I'll check Eureka server logs like you can see here my Eureka server started successfully followed by my loans Microservice is trying to get started, so let's give more time for our microservices to get started. Meanwhile, I'll go to the browser and try to access the Eureka dashboard. So the Eureka dashboard we can access at 8070. So let me try to access the same. You can see here all our microservices they started successfully and registered themselves with the Eureka Server. Now, as a next step, let me go to the postman and try to test the APIs. Inside the postman, first, we need to create the account details with the help of this create API followed by we need to create the card details using the same mobile number. And at last I'm also going to create the loans details using the same mobile number. Now, the next API that we need to test is fetch customer details. so behind the scenes, whenever we try to invoke this API, the Feign client will leverage the Eureka server and try to invoke the other microservices like loans and cards. You can see we got a successful response like these are the customer details, account details, loans details and card details. Hooray! With this, our Eureka changes are working inside the Docker containers as well, so let me copy these docker-compose.yml file into other profile folders because we made some changes compared to last lecture. I'm going to do the same inside the qa/docker-compose.yml as well. Now I'm going to take the common-config.yml file and copy the same inside the prod profile and change the profile from default to prod followed by I'm going to paste the changes inside the qa profile and change this profile name from default to qa. With this all the Docker compose files that we have inside the default prod and profile should work without any issues. Please test from your side also and let me know for any issues before I'm trying to close this lecture, let me run the Docker compose command so that all the running containers will be stopped and deleted. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.