Inside this lecture, let's try to start two instances of loans microservice and see the client side load balancing in action. As of now, we tested the Eureka related changes only with one instance of loans and cards microservice. And here you may have a question like how the load balancing is working. I am not able to see the load balancing demo because I'm using only one instance. That's why let's see the demo with two instances of loans Microservice. So in order to create two instances of loans microservice, I need to copy the loans related configurations inside my docker-compose.yml file and paste the same just below the existing loan service. So inside Docker compose file, we need to make sure the service names are distinct because these loans will act as a separate container compared to this loan service. That's why we need to give different names. I'll give the service name as loans1 for this new service. After changing the service name, we should also change the container name because the container name should be unique. That's why I'm going to append a digit 1 here. With this my container name will be loans-ms1 and the port that we are trying to expose to the localhost are the outside world. We need to make sure we are using a different port otherwise inside the local system we'll get the port to conflict error. With this we should be good. Let me try to run the docker compose up command. So here I'm trying to run the command docker compose -d and let's wait for this to get completed. It is going to take good amount of time, like 3 to 4 minutes because inside our local system, since you are trying to create many containers, it will be very slow. As of now you can see the config server is trying to start and in the top you can see the CPU usage inside my system is 218%. By default inside my system, 5 cores are allocated to the Docker server. As we try to create more number of containers, you'll be able to see the higher CPU usage. That's why inside the Docker compose file, I have created only one instance of loans microservice. We can also create one more instance of cards microservice as well. But even without creating one more instance of cards microservice we should be able to see the demo of client side load balancing. So here this time you can see the other containers are also trying to start. Like for loans, we have two containers, loans-ms and loans-ms1. This time you can see the container CPU usage. It is around 498%. It is almost trying to use my CPU. That's why in local it is going to take some time. Don't worry. Meanwhile, I'll try to refresh the Eureka dashboard and see whether my other microservices are getting started. As of now you can see the dashboard is empty. That means no microservice is not started yet. So let me refresh again. This time you can see there is a loans microservice instance created and the same is registered. So let me keep refreshing this page. And finally, we have accounts microservice  cards microservice and loans two instances are registered. That's why you are able to see two number inside the bracket. If you go and try to access the URL, which is localhost 8070/eureka/apps inside this, you should be able to see all the instances details under loans. You can see there are two instance details. This is the instance one and very similarly we also have second instance under the loans microservice, whereas other microservices they have only one instance like for accounts and cards. So this confirms multiple instances they are registering with with the Eureka Server. Now let's try to test the client side load balancing. In order to test the changes. First, I'm going to create the data using the Create account API and post that I'm going to create the card details followed by loans details. So here you can see right now I'm trying to create the loan details using the same mobile number by using the port number 8090 with this, since we are using the separate H2 database for each instance, whatever the loan details I have created just now will be available only in one of the instance, but not in the other instance. Whereas inside the real prod application, since we are going to use a MySQL or any other database for all instance of loans microservice, the data is accessible for all instances of loans microservice. I'm intentionally not creating the loans detail with the help of 8091 port so that whenever we are trying to test the fetch customer details API, sometimes we'll get the successful response. The other times we are going to get an exception saying that there are no loan details for the given mobile number. So to test the same, let's go to the fetchCustomerDetails. Here I'm going to send the request very first time. You can see very first time the request went to the loans instance where we have not saved the loans details. That's why we are getting this error which is loan not found with the given input data. If I try to send the request again this time the request went to the other instance and that's why we're able to see the loans related information along with all the other information. So if I try to invoke again, I'm getting a successful response, which means it went to the correct instance. Let me click on next again. And this time you can see we are getting an error. That means behind the scenes there is a load balancing is happening at the account service level itself. By leveraging all the service registry details that is shared by the Eureka Server. And here Open Fin Client Library is playing a very important role. I hope you are clear on client side load balancing with this demo. We're also going to discuss server side service discovery and load balancing when we try to deploy our microservices into the Kubernetes environment. With this, we can conclude this section related to the service discovery,  service registration and load balancing. We discussed a lot of concepts. Please take some time, try to digest this information and please, please take a break and I'm going to catch you in the new section. Thank you, Bye.