At this point in the course, you already learned a lot about some crucial core React concepts, and of course, you're going to learn even more throughout the rest of this course. But before you go there, before you dive deeper into React, I strongly recommend that you first practice what you learned and that's exactly what this core section will be there for. In this core section, we're going to build two demo projects, two basic yet non-trivial demo projects, which allow you to apply your knowledge and to practice what you learned. Because in both projects you'll need to work with components, state, some styling and all these crucial core concepts we explored throughout the previous sections. Therefore, in this section here, you'll practice how to split an existing component and an existing application into multiple components, and you'll also practice how to build an application from scratch. You will practice how to work with state, how to manage and use state, and you'll practice outputting list and conditional content. Now, for both practice projects which I prepared for you for this section here, I will give you an introduction to those projects. I'll provide you with some starting code and I'll give you some tasks or show you how the finished project should look like, but I then absolutely would recommend that you first try solving these tasks and building those projects on your own before you then take a look at my example solution, which I of course will also provide as part of this section. Because by trying these things on your own first, you'll of course learn more about React and you'll be able to confirm that you really understood all these core concepts up to this point. That being said, after every demo project introduction, I will provide you with detailed solution steps allowing you to compare your solution to mine, and of course, whilst building that solution together with you, I'll also explain why I chose a certain approach and why I solved the tasks as I did solve them. So definitely take a look at my solution as well, but also definitely try those projects on your own first.