[Maximilian] Now as mentioned in this section here we'll build two demo projects. And here's the first demo project which we'll build. An investment calculator where you can enter some data about your planned investment. For example, your current savings, the amount you're going to add every year, the expected return on investment, your time horizon, so the timeframe of this investment. And then once you click calculate, you'll get a table with the results for this calculation where you can see year by year how much interest you're going to gain and so on. This is the first example application we're going to build here. And for this application I created a starting project which you find attached. Of course, you also find a code sandbox link attached in case you wanna follow along there. And in this starting project you'll find an image in the assets folder and then some styles in the index CSS file. And then most importantly, you'll find an app.js file which includes some JavaScript code and also some JSX code, but which doesn't work yet. This doesn't do anything. Instead in there I added some to-dos and some hints or comments regarding your tasks and what you might want to do with that code. And I'll provide you with more detailed tasks in just a second. But you can and should use this code as a starting point because it also, for example, contains some code you could use for calculating these investment results the interest gained per year and so on. I already created this code for you so that you don't have to write it on your own and you don't have to come up with it on your own. And I also essentially created all or almost all the JSX code you're going to need. Though of course the data is missing in that code. It's not dynamic code. Instead, it has some hard coded placeholders and it's of course not outputting any results. We're also not managing any state yet in this component because that will all be things you should do. And therefore, here are your tasks for this first demo project. The first task is to take this one single app component that you find in the starting code and you split it up into multiple smaller components. It's up to you how granular you want to be, and it's up to you to identify suitable components, but you should at least be able to identify a few components you can split this one single component up into. So that will be the first task, split the JSX code and the overall app component code into multiple components. As a next step thereafter I want you to handle some events. To be precise I want you to handle the submit event when this form here is being submitted, and I want you to handle the click event on that reset button. You don't need to do anything yet, but you should add event handler functions and make sure that some code gets triggered as the form is submitted or this reset button is being pressed. But of course, handling events without doing anything isn't too much fun. Therefore thereafter, as a next step you should start managing some state, and it's of course also your task to identify the different pieces of state you might want to manage. Keep in mind that there are different ways of managing state, multiple state slices versus bigger objects and it's totally up to you which approach you prefer and with which solution you come up. But you should identify the state that needs to be managed and you should add the code for managing that state. You should, for example, make sure that all the user input is picked up and used and available when the form is submitted. And you should of course make sure that all this investment data that's being derived here is also managed as states somehow because it's that data that then later needs to be output when the form is submitted. Now, last but not least, you should of course then also use that state to output some data on the screen to output the results of this investment calculation to be precise. For that, you should make sure that this table, which you have at the bottom here is output conditionally only if data is available. If no data is available yet because no calculation has been performed yet, you should output some fallback text instead. And you also should make sure that of course you output all these rows of that table dynamically. One row per year because of course we are deriving investment data for multiple years here. Last but not least there is a little bonus task because you can definitely also dive into styling and either use styled components or anything like that, or maybe at least split up this index CSS file into multiple module CSS files that belong to the individual components that are being used in the application. That is something you also might wanna consider doing. And of course, also feel free to adjust and tweak these stylings so that they meet your personal preferences. But that being said, this is your starting project. These are your tasks in the next lecture. So the lecture after this one, you'll get some additional hints that can help you solve these tasks and thereafter, you'll find my solution where I will solve these tasks step by step. But as mentioned, before you go through my solution definitely try solving these tasks on your own and try building this application on your own first.