So, let's now start diving into these different tasks, and of course, I'm going to start with the first task, which is to split this app into some components, because I did provide this starting project to you, and this starting project at the moment consists of basically only one component: this app component in this app component file. And whilst this would work and could be used here for this still a relatively basic application, it is a better practice to split your React apps into multiple components where every component has its own clearly defined task and use. And therefore, here, I'll start by adding a new components folder, and I would say that we could, for example, put this header code here into its own component. Of course, I also then wanna put this form into a separate component, and there, we could actually also be more granular, and for example, also put every input into its own component, but I'm not going to do that, but I will put my form into a separate component. And last but not least, I also wanna put this table into a separate component, because I would say that the table, the forum, and the header in the end are the three big logical building blocks of this website here. Of this web app. Therefore, in the components folder, I'll add a Header folder in which I'll add a new Header.js file. Then, I'll add my UserInput folder, and of course, these names are up to you, but in there, I'll add my UserInput.js file, and there, I'll store that component that will manage this form. And then, I'll add one last folder in this components folder, and I'll name it ResultsTable, and, well, you might guess that in there, I'll create a ResultsTable.js file. So now, with these files created, I'll start in the Header JS file. And there, we can create a new header component function, either with the function keyword or alternatively, with this arrow function syntax about which you also learned in this course, and that's the syntax I'll use here. And then, in this header component function, the goal in the end is to return this header. So, this code here should be copied and should be returned here as a result. Now, in this code, I'm using this logo, and this logo here is simply this app logo, which I'm importing like this, because that is how you can import images in React projects. And therefore, it's now time to copy or to cut this import and move it to this Header file. Now, the path also must be adjusted, since this Header file is nested in the Header folder, which itself is nested in the Components folder, and therefore, from inside this Header JS file, to reach this Assets folder, we first have to go up two levels like this, so that then, we can dive into the Assets folder and reselect this PNG image. With that, we got this header component, and in the app component, we can now replace this div here with "Header." And for this custom header component to be available here, you of course then also must add a import to it where you import this header component from the components folder. There, the Header subfolder, and then, the Header file, as you learned, without a file extension. Now, to see whether this worked, I need to start the development server, and for that, I first need to run npm install in this local project. This is only required once initially to install all these dependencies that are used by the project. And then, thereafter, we can start the development server with npm start. And if you now visit localhost:3000, you should see a site that looks something like this, and here, we also see the header again. So, that worked. Now of course, the header was only the first component. The next component I wanna outsource, or the next code I wanna outsource is this forum code. So, all that JSX code between the form tacks, I'll grab it, cut it from App JS, and move it to the UserInput JS file. In there, we can now create a new UserInput component function, and of course, as always, export it as well. And then, they are return this form, so that this form JSX code is returned by this UserInput component. That's the next component added. Of course, it should also be added here then, to the app component like this. And of course, again, for it to be available here, you should also add the respective import to the top of your file. Now, as a last step here, I'll get rid of these comments, and then, cut this table to also put this into a separate component. So here, in ResultsTable JS, we can create the ResultsTable component function like this, export it as we always do, and then, here, return this JSX code. This table JSX code. With that, back in App JS, we can use ResultsTable like this, and of course, make sure that it's getting imported in order to be available here. So, with that, if we save this, we should see the same webpage as before, which of course, doesn't work yet, but we also see that all the components are still there, that all the JSX code is still leading to some output being shown on the screen, and therefore, we already completed the first task here, which was to split the app into components. Now, as mentioned, you could of course be more granular. You could, for example, create a separate table head and table body component. You could create a separate component that maybe includes this paragraph that wraps the label and the input. You can do all these things, and definitely feel free to do that. For this exercise application here, I am happy with the current split, and we can therefore now move on to the next task.