So now that we're gathering all that user input, we now need to find a way of deriving the results that should ultimately be output here in the Results Table. So we need to get this user input in the end from this user input component to the Results Table component. Though technically the Results Table component, of course, won't care about the user input, but instead on the calculation results. So we'll need to perform the calculation that's set up here in App.JS. So in the end, put in other words, we have some state in user input. The user input values, that's the state I mean, which is received in this component, but which in the end, in transformed form is needed in the Results Table component. And what do you do if you have a situation like this? Well, you lift state up. That's what you learned in this course. And actually here the app component is already configured to perform this calculation and to receive this user input state. So here, lifting the state up is quite straightforward and you don't have to do a lot for it. One thing you need to do though is that in user input in this component, you'll need to accept props because you'll need to accept a function as a prop, a function, which you can call inside of user input, but which will be defined in App.JS in the app component. And it's this calculate handler function, I mean. This should be triggered in the end when the form is submitted. Though as I already mentioned here, we don't wanna directly bind it to the submit event buttons that we want to call it indirectly. So for that here in user input JS in the Submit Handler we could expect that we have a onCalculate prop on this component. And of course, since it's your component, this name is totally up to you, but I'm naming it onCalculate to make it clear that I want a function as a value for this prop because in the end we wanna trigger this function when a certain event occurs, in this case when the calculate button was clicked. But then I call this function, which I received on the onCalculate prop and I'll pass my user input state to it. So that's what we have to do in the user input component. In the App.JS component, we now have to set Calculate Handler, which does want a user input object as a value for this onCalculate prop. So in App.JS on this user input, we should now add the onCalculate prop. And if you chose a different name here, you also need to use a different name here as you learned. And then we set onCalculate equal to Calculate Handler. Now, calculateHandler already expects to get a user input object as it turns out since I'm accessing a bunch of properties here, and therefore of course we must make sure that an object of that expected shape here is passed to onCalculate. So to the calculate handler in the end. Now if you are using different property names in your state here, different names than I am using, you want to use those same names in this code in the app component, in this Calculate handler. Because here I am trying to access the current savings property and the yearly contribution property and so on, on that user input object. So if you are using different property names here, you have to use those different names in your CalculateHandler as well. With that though, we get all that data and I'm just going to clean up those comments and we'll perform this calculation here with that input data to derive the yearly results and now we need to do something with that yearly data. So what is it that we want to do here? Well, we can now store it as state because that would then allow us to pass that updated data to the Results Table. So here in the app component, we can also call the use State Hook to store our yearly data and we could set it to null initially and then here get our results and a set results function like this. And now we could call set results here at the end of CalculateHandler to pass the yearly data, which in the end is derived in this for loop as a value to set results. Whoops, yearly data. And with that it would be that yearly data that's managed as a state here in the end. Now I said could all the time because here we can now actually also deviate and change this code though if that's the solution you used, it absolutely is fine, there's nothing wrong with it and you can stick to it. But here we could also switch to some derived state instead. And instead of storing the final results as state we could instead get our user input here as well and have a set user input state updating function. And in CalculateHandler, we can then call set user input and pass the received user input object as a value to this state in the end. And now we can grab all this data here where we create the yearly data and go through that for loop and cut it and delete this code here so that we have a very lean calculate handler function and instead add it here right inside of the app component function like this. With that, we would be rerunning this code whenever the state of this app component changes, and that of course means that whenever we receive new user input, so whenever we set this user input state, this component function will re-execute and this code will therefore re-execute. And with that, we would have the yearly data as derived state based on that user input state which is a slightly more elegant way of handling that though as mentioned, if instead you went for the explicitly managed state, that would also be fine but you should be aware of this alternative. That's why I'm showing it to you here. Now, one problem we'll have with this derived state approach here is that I'm accessing all these properties here which potentially don't exist yet if we have no user input yet, so if this is null. Therefore we should actually wrap this code here with a if check where we check if user input is truthy. And if that's the case, we want to continue here. So all that code should go into this if check, so that we only try to access these properties on user input if it's not null. That's something you should do because otherwise you'll get an error when trying to run this app. So now with that, we got the state data we need. We are performing all these calculations and we're getting some yearly data with the details that should be output in the Results Table. And that's there for now the next step that we wanna output our results conditionally and that we also wanna show a fallback message if we have no results yet.