So let's now work on the styling, and, of course, in general, the app is already styled, and in my opinion, looks quite decent, so I'm not really talking about changing the styles. Also, because this, of course, isn't a CSS course, but instead, the goal is to change how the styles are applied, and there actually is one place where the styles should be changed, and that's here, for this fallback text. This doesn't look that great. Now, to change that style here, I'll use an approach which you typically won't use too often when building React apps, but which is absolutely fine for this simple use case. I'll add some inline styling to this paragraph. As you learned, you can do this by adding the style prop, and then you set this to an object. That's why you have double curly braces here, not because it's some special styling syntax, but instead, because the value that's passed to the style prop here is a JavaScript object, which is created with a pair of curly braces, opening and closing. Here, we can then target all these different CSS properties, for example, textAlign, which I'll simply set to center here, and with that, with that inline styling added here, this fallback text is now centered, but that's the only new style I want to add. What I wanna do instead now is I want to break up my existing styles, which I have in the index.css file, and use CSS modules to apply them to the different components. Now, of course, that's absolutely not something you have to do, but something you can do to make your CSS code more manageable and something I will do here as an exercise, and therefore, I'll add a Header.module.css file because, as you learned, that's how you can use this CSS modules feature by adding CSS files with names like this, and I'll add our ResultsTable.module.css file and a UserInput.module.css file, and now we can go back to index.css and start with the code that belongs to the header. Here, I'll simply grab the header-related CSS rules, cut them, and add them to the Header.module.css file. Now, to make sure that these styles still get applied, we have to go to Header.js, and there, import those classes from ./Header.module.css, and then, here, instead of adding the className like this, as a string, we now have to add it as classes.header. With that, if you save this and reload, you should get the same look as before, but now, we put the header-related styles into this CSS module file, and, of course, I'll do the same for the rest of this app as well. For that, I'll continue with the user-input-related styles by grabbing this form rule here, the input-group rule, and all these other rules that are related to the form, including the button rules like this, cut them, and add them here to UserInput.module.css, and here, this should actually be .button:hover, and with that in UserInput.js, we, of course, also have to import classes from ./UserInput.module.css, and now, here, on the form, we apply classes.form like this. Here, for the input-group, we apply classes, input-group like this. Since it contains a dash, we have to access this property like this. The dot notation won't work for a property name with a dash, and then, further down in this form, or actually, for all divs here that wrap multiple inputs, so also for this div, we have to use the same className, input-group, and then, further down in this JSX code here, we have to use classes.actions, and then, for the button alt, we have to use classes.buttonAlt, and for this button, it's classes.button. With that, if we save this, again, it's the same look as before, but now, we're using CSS modules, and therefore, last but not least, I'll also cut all the result-related styles and remove them from index.css so that in there, only my basic page styles remain, and I'll go to ResultsTable.module.css and paste in those result-related styles, and them, in ResultsTable, we can import, and we should import classes from ./ResultsTable.module.css, and replace this string className here with classes.result. That's the only class in here, and therefore, with that, if we save that and we reload, we get the same look as before, but now we're using CSS modules.