So at this point, we completed the first practice project. We built the first demo application in this section. But as mentioned, there will be two projects in this section so that you have more opportunities to practice what you learn. Now the next demo project we're going to build doesn't look too fancy, but will actually come with a couple of nice features which again allow you to practice building components, managing state, output and conditional content, and so on. Because in this demo application, users will be able to enter some data about them, to be precise, their username and age, and then once the data is confirmed, the user list is updated and output below the form. But for example, if you enter invalid data by submitting an empty form, an error model is shown instead. So this overlay with an error message is shown instead. And this overlay can then also be closed by clicking the okay button or on the backdrop. This overlay should also not just open up if no data was entered, but for example, also if an invalid age was entered. To be precise, if a number smaller than zero was entered. If valid data is entered, another user is added to the list though. So this is the next demo project. And for this project here, you therefore essentially have the following tasks. You should start by building some core components. For example, add user component, which contains this form. You should then, of course, also, again, start managing some state, like that list of users, for example. And you should of course also output that list of users, and also if needed, this error model, which should be shown conditionally if invalid data was entered to give the user who's using this website some feedback. Now attached to the next lecture, you'll find a new starting project which you can use as a starting point. But this will then be a pretty empty project, because in this upcoming exercise here, unlike in the previous exercise in this section, I want you to try to really build everything from the ground up. And therefore, of course, chances are high that you are going to come up with a pretty different solution than I'll do. But that's absolutely fine. This section here is about practicing what you learned, after all, and nonetheless, starting in the next lecture, I will show you my possible solution step by step, and I will show you how I solved these tasks and built this demo project.