So now that you have a first basic understanding of what React is all about, let's take a closer look at this course and the content this course has to offer, because of course this is a huge course, but it's also a highly modular course. This course obviously comes with many course sections and lots of important React content. But this course is also built such that you can go through it step by step, section by section, or that you can pick the sections that are most interesting to you. Now, it all starts with this getting started section here, but in the next section, you already got an optional section, which you can skip if you don't need it, because the next section will give you a JavaScript refresher. So if it's been some time since you last worked with JavaScript, if you wanna refresh those important JavaScript fundamentals, which you'll need for this course, this next section is for you. After that section, you'll find a couple of React essentials sections, the base essentials section, the deep dive, and the practice section. These sections build up on each other, and as their names imply, these sections are all about giving you a solid React foundation, teaching you the core concepts every React developer must know. And after those essentials sections, you'll then find many sections that dive deeper into specific React concepts or that explore more advanced ideas and concepts. And of course, here again, you'll get the most out of this course if you simply go through these sections section by section in the order you find in the curriculum, but if you already have some React knowledge. And if you're just interested in a couple of those sections, you can jump right away to those sections, ignore the other sections, or come back to them in the future, and focus on the content that's most interesting to you. Because I really built that course such that it offers useful knowledge to everyone. No matter if you are a total beginner or if you already got some React experience. After completing this course, you'll know a lot about React and you will be a React developer.