Now, as mentioned in the previous lecture this is a huge course with many modules which you can explore, module by module or where you can focus on the sections that are most interesting to you. But in addition to that modular approach, this course also gives you two possible paths you can take if you have little or no React knowledge. Because if you got some knowledge already, you can, of course, dive into those sections that are most interesting to you, but if you're brand new to React, I got two possible paths for you. For one, there is the standard path which is my recommendation for most students. Here, you simply start with lecture one in section one and you then complete the course lecture-by-lecture, section-by-section in the order you find in the curriculum. This ensures that you learn React from the ground up, step-by-step and in great detail. But if you are in a hurry or if you get limited time, you could also explore this summary path as I like to call it. because I created a dedicated summary course section to which you find a link attached to this lecture here so that you can jump right away to that section if you want to because that summary section will teach you the most important React concepts, both basic and more advanced concepts in one single section within a few hours. Now, of course, since it's just a summary, many more advanced concepts will be left out. There are no deep dive explanations and we will also explore less best practices and patterns. But if you wanna get a quick overview, a quick introduction to React, that summary path might be perfect for you. And in addition, this summary section is also helpful to you if you do go for the standard path because it can give you a great summary and repetition of the most important concepts after you finished the course. So you got these two paths. If you have no or only little React knowledge and you got that modular approach if you already have more React knowledge and you wanna focus on specific topics, and therefore, as mentioned, this course is for everyone and it will teach you React, no matter what you currently know about React. If you are just getting started with React, simply continue with the next lectures and you will learn it step-by-step. Or as mentioned, if you're in a hurry take a look at this summary section as an alternative.