Now before we'll explore the concept of custom Hooks, I wanna repeat the rules of Hooks. Two important rules you must be aware of when working with Hooks in React. And here the first rule is that you must only use React Hooks inside of React Component functions. And the second rule is that those Hooks must not be nested in if statements nested functions for loops or anything like that. But now we'll actually change that first rule a little bit because it turns out that this first rule is actually a bit more flexible because you are actually not limited to just using React Hooks inside of Component functions. Instead, you may also use them inside of other Hooks so inside of custom Hooks. So Hooks may be used inside of Component functions or inside of other Hooks. That's an important variation of this first rule and it's this variation that enables us to build custom Hooks, as you will see throughout this section. But why would you build custom Hooks and what should these custom Hooks do? Well, the idea behind building custom Hooks is always to wrap and reuse code that goes into your Component functions. For example, here in the App.jsx file in this project I provided to you. There, I got this useEffect Hook where I in the end send an HTTP request and where I manage some loading state and potentially an error state. And if you take a look at this code and you then take a look at the code in the AvailablePlaces.jsx file, you will notice that the code is quite similar. It's not exactly equal, we are sending different requests to different URLs and here in AvailablePlaces we are then also transforming the data we're getting back, but the main idea is the same. We're sending an HTTP request, we're managing some loading state, we're managing some error state, and we're using useEffect for all that. And this would be an example for some code that we might want to outsource and make more generic so that we can reuse it, so that we don't have to write this similar code twice in two different Components, but so that we maybe have one reusable configurable function that could be used in both Components. Because, of course, you might remember that the idea behind Components was to reuse Logic and JSX structure as we're doing it here with the modal, for example, we are reusing this Component with different data. And just as this was the idea behind Components we might want to reuse other code as well, code that does not return JSX code so that can't go into its own Component, for example. Code like this, this useEffect call with the logic inside of it, we might want to reuse that, but we can't put it into a separate Component because this is just a part of a Component. It does not return JSX code or anything like that and therefore this is the kind of problem we can solve with custom React Hooks. Now of course, we could also try to outsource and reuse code like this by grabbing it and putting it into a separate function, a function which we could call fetchData and which we could define in any file we want. And then we could try to call fetchData in every Component that needs that functionality because that is how you normally outsource logic in programming and JavaScript programming is, of course, no exception. If you have some logic that needs to be used in different places, you put it into a function and that function can then be used in different places. Just as we created this fetchUserPlaces function before which does contain that reusable code for fetching this userPlaces data. But this does not work here because the code which I wanna outsource and share actually uses Hooks inside of it and it also needs to manipulate state. And these are things which can only be done inside of Components, not in some random shared function. Sure, here I'm using this function in a Component, but there is no guarantee that I'll always use fetchData just in a Component and nowhere else. And if I would use it somewhere else, all this code here would fail because Hooks can only be used in Components in the end and state updates therefore can also only be made in Component functions. And that's why this will not be a valid solution and why I'll roll back this code and go back to the code I had before. And that's exactly why we need this custom Hooks feature I'll introduce you to in this section because custom Hooks will also be functions that we can then call from different places, but they will be functions that are guaranteed to be used in valid places, so that are guaranteed to be used in Components in the end.