So how could we outsource this into a custom hook? Well, we can create a new folder for that in a src folder that could be named hooks but this is totally optional. You don't have to create that folder and you can name it whatever you want. So I'm just doing this to have some structure in this project and in there, we could then add a file that could be named useFetch.js, though this name is also up to you and this notation here might also look a bit weird. It's also up to you. You could also name it use-fetch like this, or just fetch. But I'm going for useFetch like this since this will also be the name of the hook I'm about to create. And I'll explain why it starts with use in just a second. Now, inside of this useFetch.js file, we can now create a custom hook by simply creating a function, a standard function. But now, and that's important, it should be a function that starts with use because that's a convention. And actually also, basically a rule in React projects that functions that start with use are treated as hooks and React projects typically look for functions that start with use and enforce certain rules on such functions. For example, in App.jsx, if I would try to use the built-in useState hook nested inside of some other code, you would see that here I'm getting an error. I'm getting red squiggly lines and the information that a React hook must be called in a React function or a custom hook function. So basically what I told you before but technically, this would be valid JavaScript code because useState is just a function and theoretically, you can call functions anywhere. This is a rule that's instead enforced by this project setup, and which can only be enforced because of the name of this function because this project, like most React projects is configured such that functions that start with use are treated as hooks and that those rules of hooks are enforced on such functions so that we, for example, get an error if we try to use them in the wrong place. That's why your custom hook function also must start with use so that those rules are also enforced on this function. And these rules are important because without them, if using hooks in the wrong place, your applications could break or behave incorrectly. But of course, use is just a part of the name. Here I wanna name my hook useFetch, though the name is, of course, up to you. You just should make sure that you don't clash with built-in hook names like useState or useEffect. But now this is recognized as a hook function and you can now use other hooks inside of this function. This allows you to, for example, outsource this useEffect code. We can copy that and paste that into the useFetch function. And now import useEffect from react and React won't complain. It will complain about some other things here which we have to fix but using useEffect here is fine. If I would name this function just fetch without use, you would see I'm getting some red squiggly lines here and I'm getting an error that this must only be used in a React component function or a custom hook function. But with use in front of that name, everything is fine. But why would we put this code into our custom hook? And how should this custom hook work? What's the idea behind it? Well, the idea is that in the end later, we'll be able to get rid of useEffect here in App.jsx and that instead, we can simply use our custom hook here and that will then internally perform all the work we stored in there. But our component function therefore got leaner. And we could use that same hook in other components that would then perform the same work. And that's, of course, in general in programming, the idea behind creating functions that you can create them once and that you can then use them in different places of your application to trigger them. And here we wanna do the same with the special condition that we want to use built-in hooks like useEffect in there and that's why we have to build a custom hook, which we simply do by adding use in front of it. But of course, this hook is not done. What else do we have to do in there to make this hook functional?