Now as explained before, the idea behind creating custom hooks like this is of course to get leaner components because you can outsource some state and logic into those custom hooks. But another reason for creating and using custom hooks is of course also that you can share them across components if multiple components have fairly similar logic that can be outsourced. For example, in this application here in the available places component we also have this code where we fetch some data, manage a loading and an error state and then store the data once it's there. And we do all that with useEffect and useState. And therefore here we in the end have logic that is fairly similar to what we're doing in useFetch. There's just one important difference because here I'm then also taking that data that I'm getting and I am combining it with the position of the user to sort these places, which I am fetching by distance. But let's worry about that later because since the rest of the logic is fairly similar, we can of course also import useFetch here in available places and import that from the hooks folder and there from the useFetch JS file. And we can call useFetch here in this component. Now, useFetch, as you saw in the previous lectures needs a fetch function and an initial value as an input then. And here in available places, the initial value should be an array and the fetch function is this fetch available places function. So therefore here we can pass fetch available places to this hook and this empty array as an initial value. And then as a result, we get back an object from which we can extract isFetching error, the fetched data and if we need it, also the set fetched data state updating function. And therefore we can now get rid of the state we managed in there before and we might wanna rename fetched data to available places since that's the name we used for that state here before. And we might wanna update set fetched data to set available places therefore. And we can of course also get rid of this useEffect call though here I wanna keep this code around where I'm calculating my distance. I'll cut that and temporarily store that here so that we can use it later. But with that, we can delete useEffect here like this and therefore have a much leaner component. And this component also would work now. If I comment out this code so that we don't break this component here, and I save this, you will see that if I reload here fetching those available places works just fine. We got no error here. Instead, the data is fetched and it is now fetched with help of our custom hook. And as I also mentioned before, the usage of useFetch in this component is totally independent from the usage in the app component. When I update the state in the app component, because I for example, add a new place here, that does not affect the available places because as mentioned before, we have independent state values created through independent copies of this useFetch hook. So that all works. But how can we bring back that sorting logic now?