So what is Redux? Redux is a state management system for a cross-component or app-wide state. So it helps us manage state, data that changes and affects our application and what we display on the screen. It helps us manage such data across multiple components or even the complete app. Now just to make sure that we're all on the same page we did of course use state a lot in this course already with the use state hook or also with use reducer. And indeed those hooks exist to allow us to manage data that typically changes for example, when the user clicks a button and we're changes to that data then typically lead to the UI being updated. We use React's State Management Hooks like use state so that we can tell React that some data changed and so that it then updates the UI for us. That's what we did through out this course. And that is what state is all about. But we can split the definition of state into three main kinds of state. We have a local state and we also have cross-component and app-wide state. Now these are not hard definitions these are just definitions which you will see a lot or these are separations of state which you see a lot and therefore I also like to use them. Now what is a local state? Local state is state so data which changes that affects DUI which belongs to a single component. And for example, if we listen to a user input and we use useState to store that input with every keystroke in a state variable. Or we have a button that toggles some detailed field. So if we click that button we show the details if we click it again we hide them. That would be local state. And typically we manage such local state inside of a component with useState or if it's more complex maybe with useReducer. Now we also often have state that affects not just one component but multiple components. That would be cross component state. For example, if we have a button that opens or closes a modal overlay such a modal component might affect multiple components and the trigger for opening the modal is per definition not inside of the modal. On the apprehend the modal might be closed by clicking a button which is inside of that modal. So then we have multiple components working together to display and hide a modal. And we can also implement that with useState or useReducer we then just need to pass props around so we need to build those prop chains or do this prop drilling as it's also called where we pass drops across multiple components where we also might pass functions as props across multiple components so that these different components can work together and manage state together. And that's not bad or anything like that it's just a little bit more complex than local state. And sometimes we also have State that does not just affect multiple components but basically all components of an application. Now when that happens we could call this app-wide state and an example here would be user authentication. If I log in we might need to change the navigation bar because we now show new options and we also certainly affect a lot of other components which now show more or less data. So that would be an example for app-wide state. And we can also manage this with the useState, useReducer and then by passing state values and updating functions around full props. That's what we did through out this course and the data of course works. Now for cross-component and app-wide state passing around data and updating function fruit props can become cumbersome though. And that's why we did learn about React Context before in the course. React Context is a built in feature in React that makes managing cross-component or application wide state easier. So that's one way of simplifying cross-component and app-wide state management. Redux solves the same problem. So both React Context and Redux are there to help us manage such cross-component or app-wide States. And that of course brings up an important question. Why do we need Redux if we already have React Context for managing state that affects multiple components?