Let's say we wanna utilize this provided store not in the app component but in the counter component which I rendered there. That's this counter component in the components folder. We got more components there we'll use them later for the moment it's the counter component that matters to us. Now that's the component you're seeing on the screen here when you're running your Def server. It shows us basically a container where we wanna output the counter value. We got a toggle counter button for hiding or showing the counter. Now here I wanna start by outputting the current counter. And for this we need to get access to our Redux store and to the data in there. And we again do that with help off the React Redux Library. So from React Redux we again wanna import something and the something which we are importing is a React Hook. A custom hook made by the React Redux team. The use selector hook. There also is use store hook, which we could use as well which gives us direct access to the store but you as selector is a bit more convenient to use because that allows us to then automatically select a part of our state managed by the store. So I will use use selector here. Now if we would be using a class-based component and not a functional component as we are here and as we are in the majority of the course, then there also is a connect function which we could use instead. This function can be used as a wrapper around our class component to connect that class component to the store. I'll come back to that later for the moment we'll focus on use selector. So here in this functional component we can now get access to the data managed in our store by using use selector. We call this and now we need to pass a function to use selector. A function which will be executed by a React Redux of function which then basically determines which piece of data we wanna extract from our store. Of course at the moment we have a very simple state. Just an object with a counter property. But in bigger applications, you will have more complex states with tons of different properties maybe nested objects and arrays and therefore being able to just get a slice just a tiny part of that overall state object in a easy way is worth a lot. And that's what use selector allows us to do. For this we should pass a function to it, a function of which we'll receive the state managed by Redux and then we return the part of the state which you wanna extract. So here for example, state stock.counter. Again this function will be executed for us by React Redux. It will then pass the Redux state so the manage the data into this function when it executes it and then basically executes this code to retrieve the part of the state which you need in this component. And then use select or therefore overall gives us that returned value. So we get a counter constant which is the counter managed by Redux. Now the great thing is that when you use use selector, React Redux will automatically set up a subscription to the Redux store for this component. So your component will be updated and will receive the latest counter automatically whenever that data changes in the Redux store. So it's an automatically reactive and changes to the Redux store will cause this component function to be re executed. So you always have the latest counter. That's why use selector is a very useful hook and why it is the hook we use for getting data out of the store. If you ever would unmount this component if it would be removed from the DOM for whatever reason, React Redux would also automatically clear the subscription for you. So it manages that subscription for you behind the scenes. Now that we got this counter, we can use it down there, to output the counter value like this. And if we now save this, we therefore now see zero here. And that's how we can get access to data managed by Redux. Of course the question now is how we can change that data? How can we dispatch actions?