So now we already learned quite a bit about Redux but up to this point, we always just worked with our single counter value. Now I got this Toggle Counter button here and when it's clicked, I wanna make sure that the counter is hidden and when it's clicked again, it should be shown again. Now for this, of course, we could use useState. So we could set up some local state in this component which we manage with useState, not with Redux. And that would be the proper way of doing it because showing or hiding the counter is something which only is interesting to this component, not to any other part of the application but the same could be set about our counter. We are only using the counter in this component here. So the counter technically also is local state but this is just a simple demo to get started. So let's assume that both the counter as well as the state wherever the counter should be visible or not, is a global state which is also the interesting to other components even though that's not the case here. As we progress once we know these basics, we will, of course, also work on demos and projects where this then really is the case. But for the moment, let's assume it. So when we click this button, the toggleCounterHandler is fired. And then here we wanna dispatch an action which changes some state in Redux which controls whether this counter div is shown or not. For this, we need to add a new state a new piece of data to our Redux store. And how do we now do that? Well, to add a new piece of data, we need to go to our reducer in the end and just add it to all these state snapshots which we are producing. Let's start with the initial state snapshot. When we start besides having a counter which has a value of zero, I wanna have a showCounter field which has a value of true or false, that's up to you. And to keep this a bit more readable, I'll extract that and store that in a constant named initialState like this and assign initialState here then just to make this a bit easier to read. Now when we increment, we are changing the counter, we don't care about showCounter. We still need to set the showCounter property here though because we are returning the overall state object and Redux won't merge your changes with the existing state. It instead takes what you return and replaces the existing state with it. More on that in a second. But for the moment that's just accept it and set showCounter here to state.showCounter. So to the value we currently have in our state because for increment, we don't wanna change it, so we will just take the existing showCounter value. And then we can do the same here for increase because there we also wanna keep the existing showCounter value and do the same for decrement here. But now I will also handle a new action type and by the way, since we have many if statements here, we could also use a switch case statement, but I will stick to multiple if statements here for now and in this new action type, I will check for, let's say toggle. Now the identifier just like all these identifiers is up to you. I'll go with toggle and then return a new object. Here, we now wanna change showCounter and set it to the opposite of what it was before. If it was true, we wanna set it to false, if it was false, we wanna set it to true. And we can do this by simply adding an exclamation mark and then accessing state.showCounter. This will invert the value. Now for the counter itself, we wanna keep the existing state because we don't wanna change this here for this action. So we just set counter to state.counter. Now we also support this new toggle action type and hence back in counter.js in the toggleCounterHandler, we should dispatch such an action. We dispatch a new action object where the type is toggle. Now we can take advantage of this toggle state, so of the show counter.state, and for that we need to get access to it. So all to in the counter, we again call useSelector. We can use this multiple times to retrieve different pieces of data from the state. And here I'm then interested in my showCounter piece of data, and I'll store that in a show constant. The constant name of course is up to you. Now again, that will then always update and the component will be re-evaluated whenever that data which we're accessing here changes. So now here with show extracted, we now can render this div here conditionally by checking if show and only rendering the div if show is truthy, like this. If we now save this and reload, if we click Toggle Counter, it's gone, if I click this again, it's there again. I can still increase it even if it's hidden but it only shows up when, well, when I click Toggle Counter. So that now also works and that is how we can manage multiple different pieces of data in our state. Of course, this data is still kind of connected, we have the counter and then the state whether we wanna show it or not but it's too totally different values which are changed in totally different ways. So therefore, that is how we can manage multiple pieces of data.