Now for dispatching actions, createSlice has got us covered. It automatically creates unique action identifiers for our different reducers. To get hold of these action identifiers, we can use our counterSlice and access dot actions. That is then an object full of keys, where the the key names, increment, decrement, and so on. Match the method names we have in our createSlice function in the reducers area. Now we can access those keys on this actions object. And with that we don't access the reducer methods to find up there but instead we get methods created automatically by Redux Toolkit which when called will create action objects for us. These methods on the actions object here which we can call will create action objects for us. Therefore these methods are called action creators and they will create action objects for us where these objects already have a type property with a unique identifier per action. Automatically created behind the scenes. So we don't have to worry about action identifiers. We don't have to create those action objects on our own. We can tap into this actions key into this actions object on our createSlice and execute these action creator methods, which with their name match our reducer methods to dispatch actions, which will then ultimately trigger those different reducer methods. That's how this works now. And that means that we, as a developer, don't have to worry about creating action objects on our own and about coming up with unique identifiers and about avoiding typos. So that means that what we could do here is at the bottom of this file, we get our counter actions like this. And we then for example, export our counter actions. So we don't just export the store but also our counter actions. And by doing this we can then go to the component where we need the actions in this case to counter JS file, and import from our index JS file here, and import the counter actions which we just exported there. And now, again that's an object which has our reducer names our reducer method names as keys. So now if we want to dispatch an action here all we have to do is we have to access counter actions. And then for example, here, increment and actually execute this as a method because increment is a method which when executed creates a full action object with the type set to this automatically created unique action identifier. So we get a full action object automatically created for us here. And I also want to do this for a detriment, counterActions.detriment and all the four toggle of course, toggle a counter. The question just is what do we do here when we also need a payload? And the answer is we still use our account or actions and then use this automatically generated action creator method here. But then to this method, we pass our payload data. So for example, an object with any property value pairs of our choice or just the number by which we want to increase here. So any kind of value can be passed to increase. The only important thing to know here is how you then extract that value because what Redux Toolkit will do for us here is it will automatically create action objects which dispatches where the type is some unique identifier generated by Redux toolkit and any value you pass here. As an argument to this action method you're executing, will it be stored in an extra field named payload. And that field name is not up to you. That's the default Redux Toolkit uses here. Hence now in our index JS file in the intrigue is reducer instead of action amount. We now need to access action on payload, because that is the name off the property which will hold any extra data you might be dispatching but with that was a lot of work. But with that, if we save all the files if you reload your application we can now use it as we did before. And everything works the way it did before. But now with help of Redux Toolkit and this was certainly a bit of work to translate our code to refactor our code, to use Redux Toolkit. However, it also took quite long because I tried my best to explain it in depth. But now that we did transform our code, it's shorter, it's more concise and it's easier to maintain. And it's also easier to now work with Redux. If you have a more complex application which we don't have yet but which we will still get in this course.