Now to come to an end in this module where we learned a lot of important things. I wanna split up this index JS file into store folder. It's actually quite a small file not too much code in it, but of course, in your typical a React application where you have multiple state slices, this can become a very long file. So therefore it might be worth splitting it up into smaller pieces. And when using Redux Toolkit it could make sense to put every slice into its own file. So we could add a new file in the store folder and let's say the counter-slice.JS file or just counter.JS, the file name is up to you. And then we want to create and manage the counter specific state and slice in there. So we would grab the initial counter state and the entire counter slice cut that and add it into counter JS file. Now to use, create slice. We of course now need to import that here. So we import create slice from at Redux JS toolkit and we still also need to use counter slice in a different folder after. So we should export it. For example, as a default export we can export counter slice. Now we can do the same for off. So I'll add an off JS file and take my initial off state and D off slice cut debt from the index JS file and move it into off JS. And then also import create slice here from add to Redux Toolkit. And then also here export this default off slice. Now in index JS, we want to merge all those slices together. Therefore we can remove, create slice in there. We don't need that import anymore because we're not creating any slices in this file anymore. Instead, we focus on creating that main store and merging all the slice reducers together. Hence we can now import the counter slice from ./counter, or since we only really needed to reducer in here, we actually go to the counter and we just export the reducer. So we don't export the entire slice but just it's reducer part by doing that in index JS we could import the counter reducer here since that is what we're exporting as a default. And then just assign that as a reducer to counter the counter reducer and do the same for off the JS just export the reducer year and an index JS. Then therefore import the auth reducer from ./auth and assign this as a value for the auth key in that reducer map. Now regarding the actions, I want to export those from there, from the files into which they belong. So the counter actions should be exported here in the counter JS file still by accessing dot actions and exporting that as a named export at the same for auth I'll grab that export and index JS and move that into auth JS. Now with that, if we saved this we'll need to fix a couple of imports in counter JS for example, where I try to import counter actions from the index file we now need to import them from the counter file in the store folder in auth JS, we need to import auth the actions from the auth file in the store folder. In header, we need to import auth actions from the auth file as well and then user profile or not using anything of that. But if we now save that, if we reload, it works just as before all the state works as before but now we're splitting this up and in bigger application stat can ensure that our code stays maintainable and is easier to manage because now we have a lean index JS file and then pretty lean files for our different state slices which are then focused on one specific type of state, not required here but definitely helpful in bigger applications. And even here, it certainly doesn't hurt.