Now that is it for this course section. Was again another long section but it was about a super important topic, Redux. And you did learn initially how you can set up Redux without React and then how you can set it up without Redux Toolkit. Now Redux Toolkit is amazing and my strong recommendation is to use it because as you saw throughout this course section, it's much easier to manage your state and your reducers and your actions when using Toolkit instead of having to set up everything on your own. Still it's important to know what happens behind the scenes which is why I did start without Redux Toolkit so that you really know everything about Redux what you need to know and so that you're also able to dive into projects that might not be using Redux Toolkit but just Redux. Now then you learn about these core Redux concepts and this Redux flow you learned about actions and reducers or this one root reducer and about the fact that Redux has this one central data store that we can create this store with configure store when using Redux Toolkit. And that then as an argument, we pass in an object where we assign our route reducer. We either point at just one reducer function, or we set up such a map of reducers, which are then merged together into one big reducer behind the scenes. Now we also learned how we can then use our Redux managed data that we can use useSelector in our components to read data from our Redux managed state and that we can use useDispatch to get access to that dispatch function which we use to dispatch our actions, which then ultimately leads to our Redux state being changed. We also learned that we can pass extra data to those actions because you often have actions and reducer function there for which do need extra data. We also learned how we would connect a class-based component to Redux. We're not going to use that in this course and you might not see it too often out there but on the other hand, there are a lot of projects which still only use class based components. So that's definitely also something you should be aware of. And there for now we have a very solid foundation when it comes to Redux. Redux is an amazing library. It can replace React context as you learned but it's also not a must use library. It's always up to you to decide whether for your project you want to go with React context, or if you need Redux. React context can have certain disadvantages as I mentioned, but they might not matter in your project. You might not see or measure any performance issues and you might not have a super complex setup and management. Then of course, there's nothing wrong with sticking to React context, because you must not forget that if you use Redux, you do add an extra third party library. And that of course adds up to the overall code of your application. It makes your application bigger. So Redux is not always better. It can be a decent option and now you know how it works and when you should maybe consider it. Now we are going to work more with it throughout the course but this is now a solid foundation which you need as a React developer.