For this module, I have prepared a little demo project, which you will find attached to this lecture. And this project, in the end, renders this very simple application here where we got a list of fictional products and we got a favorites section and we can basically switch between these pages and we can mark something as a favorite here in the all products page and then see it here, and well obviously, also get rid of that favorite status, and so on. So a very trivial app, but an app where I use Redux to manage this favorite status. I use Redux here because we need to state in two different pages and that would be harder to do with props only. And in addition, as I already covered throughout the course, I don't want to pass all the state through multiple layers of components, just so that I have it everywhere where I need it. And Redux is really convenient for such cases, it's a great state management tool when you have some global state. And a list of products, and favorited products would be a great example if you're building a more complete online shop, for example. Now in this relatively simple project, which of course is simple so that we can focus on Redux and how to replace it, there I used the traditional Redux approach I showed you in the course, here I have my product reducer with some initial state, which initializes my products, every product has an ID, a title, a description, and a favorite status. And then in the reducer, I watch for one action, where I basically switch that favorite status off the product and invert it and assign a new state, thereafter. In my actions file, I have to do one action, where we, well, have a action type, and then also the ID of the product, which should be switched. That is connected here to the products.js file, which is our products page. With the help of the useSelector, hook added by react-Redux version seven or higher, which I have covered at the end of the module where we transform our burger builder to use hooks. There I covered this hook too, at the end. And this hook is simply used to select a slice of our state. The shop slice, which we create in index.js here by combining our reducers or, well our one reducer here. But again, this is an example that could be part of a bigger app. And then here, we select the products list from that slice and I'll put it here. That's what I'm doing here. In the favorites.js file, I also select something with useSelector from my store. I select all products that are a favorite so that I can output them there. And last, but not least, in the productitem.js file, there is use the useDispatch hook provided by react-redux, so that when we click that favorite button here, we dispatch this toggleFav action, which is defined in the actions folder of our store folder. That's how this app works, and the first important thing I really want to emphasize is that there's nothing wrong with that approach. You don't need to switch away from Redux at all. But maybe you want to. And why would you? Well, maybe you want to stay in the react-only world, so that you don't need to learn Redux. Arguably it's not that hard to learn Redux, but still, maybe you want to use only the tools react gives you. Maybe you also simply don't want to add that extra Redux and react-redux library to your project. Hence, you would end up with a smaller bundle, because if you don't have these extra libraries included, obviously you ship less code when you deploy your application. And that could be a good argument because you can certainly shrink your bundle a bit. Though I will also say, if you have a really large application, it might not matter that much if it's included or not. Yet, that could be a reason for why you don't want to use Redux. Or you simply want to explore how you can manage your state globally without passing everything through props, but still without using Redux. And that's why, in this module, I will now show you two different approaches of managing your state with react-only tools. One of those approaches is a good one, the other one is not that great, at least, not for all use-cases. And I will show both, and I will explain when to use which.