Instructor] So lets start with approach number one. An approach that is sometimes the right choice, but not always. In this approach we'll use the context API. For this, I'll add a new folder to this project, and I'll name it context, but you can of course name this whatever you want. You can manage this wherever you want. In this context folder I'll create a new file, and I'll name it products-context.js, again this name is all up to you. And I'll import React from React. And then in here we can create our, let's say products context. Or whatever you want to name it. And I'll actually give this a capital P because we'll use that as a component. And then here we use React.createContext, and well create our context, which should actually, let's us say manage an object with a products property in there, which holds an array of products. And you could also argue that you're entire context value is just an array, but in case you had other fields too, you would probably have an object here. So, we have our products here. And my initial products here. Our initial products I also have in the reducers file here. So its this array of product. I'll just copy that. Move that in the ProductsContext file, and then simply well replace this array with this copied array. And with that we're creating a React Context object here. And there is one square bracket too much. Now this is the context object. Now here in this file, I want to export this context, but I also want to export a component as a default. Which gets some props of course and has return some jsx. So I'm just exporting a normal functional component here. This is a functional component. And there I use my ProductsContext.Provider component. And again check out my Context, my React Context lectures in this course in case this doesn't tell you anything. I cover it in the components deep dive section, and I also have a look at it again in the React hooks section, when we cover the useContext hook. So, here I provide my context, and I want to provide it to everything that's passed between the opening and closing text of my exported component here with props.children. Now important though, the value of this context, should be a value which I manage in this component. So, since that should be able to change, I'll use the useState hook which is baked into React to work with functional components only. Though theoretically that could all be a class based component, that would be fine too. And then here I want to manage my state here. Now, my state I managed here in the end will be that array of products. So actually, I'll grab that array, remove it from there, and here simply initialize an empty array to get batter auto completion and ive support. But the value here doesn't matter, because we'll now manage the products here in this State. So that will now just be an array not an object. Just be an array of products. Make sure the square brackets are correct. And here we'll have our products and a setProducts function, which we extract from useState. And now here the value I pass to my provider, to my products context provider is a object with the products key, because I want to have that in my context, that's just my personal preference here. And the value for that products key, will be my products list here. And I'll actually name this productsList, and name it here productsList when we extract it. So that we have no confusion regarding what's what. So here I manage an array of products with useState, it's named productsList, and I assign this to my products key here, in that object I pass as a value to my ProductsContext.Provider. So now whenever this value here changes, whenever we update the state here, and therefore this component rebuilds. Whenever that happens our provider will get a new value, and every child that listens to our provider, will be able to get that new value. Now with that prepared, we can use our provider here in index.js, where I previously provided react-redux. I'll not do that anymore, and hence I can get rid of these two imports. And instead here, I want to import my ProductsProvider from context, whoops, context, products-context. That's our default export there, so we import it like this. Get rid of all that here, we don't need that. And then here have our ProductsProvider opening and closing we don't need to pass anything to it. We just use it like this. We can always get rid of the productReducer import. You could also delete the entire store, fold her now if you wanted to. I'll leave it here for reference. So now I'm providing my context here, and anywhere in this component tree. So in any child component here, or in a child component off that component, I can kind of listen to that context. Now one place where I'm interested in product, is the Products.js file, in the containers folder for example. There we can add an import statement, to import something from our context folder, and there from products-context. And the something here is now not the provider component, but the productsContext object itself. Because we can use that together with useContex, and therefore we can always get rid of that react-redux import here. We can use that here to get our products. So here we can add the useContext hook, and point at ProductsContext to get access to that context. And then here, I got my productsContext, or I simply get my productList here if you will. By accessing this context here, and there my products. This key exists on my context after all. And this will be my list of products which is recreated whenever we change something in that list. So now we have that product list here, and we can use that product list here to render the products. We will not be able to mark them as favorites at the moment. But this should work at least. Now to test this, let's go to components, Products, Productitem, where I used this patch, and removed that import. And removed the usage of this patch here, so that we don't get an error about using some react-redux feature without providing a store. If we do that, we save all the files. This page should be able to reload, and render all our products. Now again favoriting won't work for now, but we can use our context to distribute data to a different component. Because we're now managing our products here in the products-context.js file, and we're accessing our products in the container folder in the products.js file. Now let's all add a functionality to mark a product as a favorite.