Well, one huge downside is this comment here by a React team member. The statement here is clear, the context is great for low-frequency updates but not for high-frequency ones. That means if you have something which changes rarely, let's say the user authentication status or just the example I used in the React Hooks module, that is fine to be covered with the context API because this will not change all the time, not that often. The same would be the case if you have something like theme-ing on a page, or something which doesn't change all the time. For a favorite status like this, you could already argue that it's quite a high-frequency update. Now, obviously users might not be tapping these buttons every second but still switching the favorite status of something will very likely occur way more often than logging in or changing the theme of a page and therefore I would argue that this is more on the high-frequency side, just like maybe managing a shopping cart. Basically anything which changes rather often. The context API of course works in that case but regarding the performance it's simply not optimized for that. The way the react context API works is such that whenever something changes in your context it has no way of cleverly figuring out which component that uses this context really is concerned and which component is not. Which means that every component that uses use context will rebuild, will re-render when you switch something in that context. No matter if it's directly effected or not. And in general the react context API is simply not optimized and not meant to be your Global State Management tool in your app. It's meant for some states, like authentication status, like the theme but not for all your states because of these missing optimizations and all of this missing intent behind the context API. Hence it is great for some things like authentication which I mentioned a couple of times but not for all use cases not for all scenarios and something like your products and the favorite status is probably not what you want to manage with the context API in larger projects. But there still is a non redux alternative for that and that's what we'll have a look at next.