So the context API is not ideal. But there is a different way you could manage this. And for this, I'll create a new folder. And I'll name it hooks-store, you could name it just store. But I already have a store folder for my Redux stuff. And I don't want to delete that. Because now I will build my own global state management store and solution with just JavaScript react and react hooks and nothing else and ultimate the context API. In that hooks store here, I'll create a new store js file. And in that file, I'll now show you a solution of managing state globally with Justwell, React and JavaScript. So let's say we're using that file to manage our global state. And I'm deliberately using a very generic name here because we'll be able to use this store for all kinds of states, not just for our products. Global state could be an object. Now we also want to have a couple of places in the app where we can listen to changes in that state. So all that a variable listeners here, that's an array. Please note that both these things are normal variables in this file. Block scoped so not globally available variables but only available in that file, but they're not tied to any class or anything like that. They're just in that file. They're also not exported. So we got listeners, we got the state we'll also need a couple of actions which can be dispatched in depth. Let's say it's an empty object for now. Okay, so now we got these three things. Now let's create a custom hook. Definitely have a look at the React hooks module first, so that you have an idea of how hooks work and how you would build custom hooks. So here I'll create a custom hook and I'll name it useStore. And just like all react hooks its a function just a function like this. Now in this hook here, in this custom hook I can of course use other react hooks. So now lets import such a react hook. And there lets import the useState hook. Because my goal here now is that I have some mechanism that could lead to other components to re render, and useState has such a mechanism. UseState allows us to manage a state and whenever we update that state any component that uses useState will re render. And you also learned in the react hook section that if a component uses a custom hook, and that custom hook uses useState, the component that uses the custom hook will re render when you state in that custom hook will trigger a re render. And that's what I will take advantage of here. So I want to have some state here, in my custom hook. And that state will actually be my global state. So I am using the variable which is defined outside of my hook, and that's important. It's defined outside of my hook. So it's global. It's not recreated when we call useStore. It's not created separately for every component that consumes my custom hook. Instead it will be created once when this file is first imported, basically. And there after any other file that imports from the same file will all use that same state. And that's one important idea here we'll share data between all files that import from it. And that's not something we did before with custom hooks. The air, the idea was the opposite that we could share logic but not data now will share logic and data by managing the data outside of the hook because inside of the hook it would not be shared. It would be inclusive to each component. Each component would get it's own data. But managing it outside of the hook every file imports this file or something from that file gets the same shared data. So here we use this state and of course we dare forget our two values, which be can destructure here. But, I'm actually only interested in my set values. So my set state value. You can name this whatever you want. But since I have that abstract global state name here, I'll just name this set state. And I just have to set state function because I'm only interested in the second value, India Radio state gives me. So I'm not interested in the current state snapshot. I'm just interested in that second value here. So, in the updating function. Now, why am I interested in this? I'm interested in this, because whenever dysfunction is called the component that uses my custom hook will re render and we'll need this later to re render our components when our state changes. We're not there yet but that's why I have this function. Now I want to add this function to my listeners array because listeners should be an array full of functions which I can call to update all components that are using my hook. So that I have a list of listeners, a list of components are interested in updates to my global state. So we can use listeners push here and push setState. So push a pointer at this function to listeners. That means that every component that uses my custom hook will get its own setState function which is 10 added to the shared listeners array. So this array will grow over time the more components we add. Now of course it would be great that if a component is unmounted we get rid of its listeners, though. Therefore also use the useEffect hook here. And actually use useEffect here so that I push something to listeners in useEffect so this will be ran whenever a component uses my hook updates. Now I'll add the second argument useEffect to define the dependencies and with an empty array this means that this effect will only run for the component that uses my custom hook when that component mounts and that makes sense. I want to readjust the listener for the component when it mounts. And we can also provide a cleanup function here so that we remove the listener when the component unmounts because with this dependency array will simply only run the effect once and run the cleanup function when the component is removed. So here we have a function where I want to remove my listener and for that I'll simply set listeners = listeners and filter out the listener I just registered here. So here I got my listener because this function which had passed to filter runs for every element in listeners array and I want to keep all listeners who are not equal to setState because setState is what I added to listeners here. And because this is a closure here the value of setState is captured here for that component that is using my custom hook and therefore will be the same when the component unmounts as it is when it mounts. So, here we can use that comparison even though setState is a function, different object. It will be equal to the listener. So to the same setState we registered here when the component mounted. So here we're removing our listener when the component unmounts. Now we're not entirely honest about the dependency of useEffect though. It's not actually the case that we have no dependency's near. Instead we do have a dependency to setState here but that's no problem because setState is coming from useState and then mentioned in the react hook section that react will guarantee that this never changes for a given component. So factfully we have one dependency which never changes. So, this effect will only run once and will only cleanup once. Now privacy, by the way, we could omit this if we used the array destruction syn text. Then my lending tool was able to find out that this is the updating function which never changes. It's not able to find out if we extracted like this. And therefore here we have to add it. But again it will never rerun so this is no problem. SO, now we're adding a setState function to our listeners for a component that uses my custom hook when that component mounts and by removing it when it unmounts. So the first steps are taken.