So in the hooks store, I'll now add a products dash store js file, of course you can name this whatever you want, and here I'll import initStore from the store js file. Now, here I'll create a configureStore function which is not getting any arguments but where we can now set up our actions and our initial state and then I'll call initStore and pass that data to it. So the first thing is my actions, and that should be an object and now here, you have some identifiers, like let's say toggle FAV, that's a property name here. And the value, as I mentioned earlier, should be a function where you get your current state, so curState, and you return the part of the state you want to update. So here, I return a new object with a products key because here I plan on updating the products. Where I get my curState products, and keep in mind that state always is this global state thing, which could manage different kinds of state. But the way we set up this dispatch here is that we will update the global state with our return value of when we call our action but merged it with the existing state so here we only have to return what we want to change. And here I want to return a new object with a products key because I want to change my products with curState products but of course, now here I want to switch to favorite status, so I'll use the same logic as before, which we already set up multiple times for example here in the products context file, in there it's this logic here for creating an updated list of products so do that in here and current product list is now simply curState dot products so that's our current list of products so let's replace all of that with curState products and the product ID here, that's of course something we also need. So actually we should alter this action here and not just expect the global state but here also a product ID, let's say. So we can use that here too. Then here I return my products key with updated products as a value. Now this is my actions object and we'll have to make sure that this ID thing is handled soon, but now for now this is the actions object and now initStore can be called by forwarding our actions object, which will be registered in our global actions object in the store and then in initial state, where I also want to have some products, in there, products, of course, can be taken from the products context file, it's this array of products. Let's copy it from there and move it into the product store file here as an array. So now we have that file, which initializes our store with our actions and our starting state, our starting object, with our starting list of products. Now I will export this configureStore function where all of this is happening, so this function here, so we can use it. And let's briefly go back to the store js file and also make sure that when an action is dispatched and we forward the global state, we also can forward any value, any payload that is passed along with the action so here the dispatch function should not just be getting an action identifier, but also, let's say, a payload so that we can forward that payload to our action function as well. Payload can now be an object or just string, number, whatever you need. And for example, that allows us to set up an action here in the product store file, where we expect to get a product ID. That would be the payload we then have to pass along when we call dispatch. And that's the missing thing, we set all of that up but we're not using our custom store here.