So what we built here in the end is our custom Redux like store implementation. We're having some variables which are not global, not registered on the window object but which do exist in this file here and they only exist once in our application lifetime. So they're shared in the entire application. Every modules or every other file which imports from the store.js file will use the same values which are stored here. Then in the same file we create our own custom hook. These variables are defined outside of the hook though and that's an important thing because if they were defined inside of the hook then every component that used this hook would use its own values. Since they're defined outside of the hook, every component that uses our custom hook uses the same values. So now we're not just sharing the hook logic but also some shared data and sometimes you don't want this, here we absolutely do want this because this allows us to globally manage some state, some actions and listeners, which are interested in state changes which in turn are triggered by actions. In our useStore hook we're managing all of that. We're having our dispatch function in there which makes sure that whenever we call this patch we update our globalState and we call our listeners, where our listeners are in the end just setState calls where we abuse, in quotes because it's not really a hack, but we're simply using that feature that when you call that state updating function useState gives you, any component that uses this hook will re-render. That's what we want here. We're register one listener per component with the help of useEffect and we un-register it when that component is destroyed and we then also have a way of initializing our store which you can call multiple times because we're not replacing our globalState or replacing our actions instead we're always taking the current globalState and the current actions map to merge in new data. We're doing this so that you can create concurrent store and slices, just as we're doing it with Redux with multiple reducers, where is one slice you manage your products, maybe in another slice you manage the user authentication status. Of course you have to make sure you avoid name clashes but that's all. So here I'm then setting up some actions for example, one action of course only here and then we call initStore to pass our actions here and our initial state for this slice of the globalState. So that will be merged in our globalState and in our global actions map and then from anywhere in our project we can use that store and then either tap into or state or use the dispatch function to dispatch an action. That's the idea here. That's roughly, kind of all the idea how Redux works behind the scenes but now we rebuilt it totally without Redux saving that extra dependency and using react and hooks only.