with all of that configured. There's one additional thing we can do, a little optimization we can put into place now that we have our own management system in the product item JS fall there I can add a console log statement where I say rendering. So that we can see whenever this gets rerendered. If you go to products, this gets rerendered four times because I have four products. Let me clear that and click favorite you see now does all the rendered four times actually should only render one time because this item here changed, we're updating the button look and so on, so therefore this definitely should rerender that makes sense. But the other free items shouldn't really rerender they weren't touched. So to avoid that these items rerender you could of course say, yeah, sure, let's wrap them in react memo, right. React memo around design and should make sure they don't rerender if their props didn't change and the prompts for the other items, certainly didn't change. They have the same title, the same favorite status ends on. You'll notice if we do that, they still rerender. The reason for that is our custom hook. In each product item I'm using useStore, so I use my custom hook and in that custom hook we use useState. So whenever set state is called here, the component that uses this hook will be rerendered. Make sense it's the intended behavior, it's the default behavior. While we can fix this or improve this. In our custom hook here in the use store hook, we could accept an argument which is maybe should listen and we can even assign a default value here. Let's say true. Now we can use that to determine whether we actually want to register a listener for this components here or not. So for this component which is using our store, because if we have a component which only uses our store to dispatch actions like our product item is doing it, well then we don't want to listen to changes inside of this product item component. We're not interested in state changes. I'm only using the hook so that I can dispatch actions. So in the storage as follows, we can now go to use effect and check if should listen is true and only at our listener if it is. And of course although only tried to clean it up if we are listening. So only if should listen is true only then I'll try to clean that up. That also means that should listen is now a dependency of use effect. So we should add it there. Now this allows to do the following. We can go to the product item and here in use store I can pass in false. So false is now at a value for that should listen argument. So that means that in product item, I'm not setting up a listener. So this item here, this component should not register a listener in my global listeners eray and therefore it shouldn't rebuild when our store changes because here I'm really not interested in store changes. The store change about this single product which I set to be a favorite is reaching this item anyways, because that is something I'm listening to an a product JS file where I rebuilt this list of products when, well, I Mark something as a favorite and therefore this specific product item, will get a new prop anyways, that will go through react memo and therefore this single item we'll rebuild but the other items shouldn't. So now let's save this and let's test it. Now we only see one rendering call here. If I marked this as a favorite, and this makes way more sense than the four calls we saw before, because that only makes sense if we are rendering the entire list for the first time, but certainly not when we only update one item. So that's a tiny optimization, which we can also put in place here and which also hopefully shows you the power of custom hooks and of this custom state management system. You can really optimize this for your requirements and your needs.