In the previous course section, you learned in detail how you can handle form submissions and user input in React apps. In this section, we're kind of building up on what you learned there, and we'll explore a different way of handling user input. Because in this section, we'll explore form actions, a feature that's actually built into React, at least if you're using React 19 or higher. So it's a relatively new feature. It's not part of older React versions, but if you are working in a project that uses at least version 19 or higher, you can use this form actions feature, about which you will learn in this section here, instead of handling form submissions manually as you learned it in the previous section. Though, as a React developer, you should know about both approaches because you will encounter both approaches out there in the wild. Now, in this section, as mentioned, I'll introduce you to this form actions feature. I'll explain how you can use it and what it's all about, and you will learn how you can use this React feature to extract values and manage form state. You will learn how to set up and deal with synchronous and asynchronous actions, and you will learn how you can implement optimistic updating into your user interface with help of this feature and with help of React. Now in this section, we'll use a brand new starting project, which you'll find attached, of course. And this starting project is very similar to the project you saw in the previous section. It's just a slightly simplified version if you want to call it like this, because here I just have this signup component with that signup form you already know though. But I got no login form because you already know how you can handle forms in general. But in this section you'll now learn about an alternative because you'll learn about form actions. Now in this starting project, if you're using the local version, you of course should download it and then run npm install to install all dependencies, and then run npm run dev to start that development server. And if you then visit local host 5173, you should see a page like this on the screen.