So what's this Form Actions feature all about? Well, as mentioned, it's available in React version 19 or higher. So if you're working in a React project that uses an older version of React, you can't use this feature. So you should check your package.json file to verify that you're at least using version 19. And if you are using such a version, you can simply use a new feature kind of built into React that helps you with handling form submissions. Because in the previous section you learned that you can, of course, handle form submissions by adding this onSubmit prop to the form element. And then you can point at a function that should be executed when that form is submitted. So here we could add a new function handleSubmit, and then use that as a value for onSubmit. And in that function, as you learned, you would get an event object automatically, and you would have to call event.preventDefault() to prevent that browser default, which otherwise would be to send an HTTP request, and we don't want that here. Now, just to be very clear, you can absolutely still use that approach. There is nothing wrong with it. And indeed you'll see this approach being used in many React projects out there, no matter which version they use. You can use this approach, but if you are using React version 19 or higher, you can also set this function handleSubmit as a value for the action prop on the form element, and that's new. Now, this action prop is not really a new prop. Form elements support the action prop or the action attribute no matter if you are using React or not. Well, the prop is supported if you're using React because props are a React feature. But even in non-React projects, you could set a action attribute on the form element. That's what I mean. And normally when not using React, this action attribute here would be used to define the path or the URL to which the browser sends the form data when the form is submitted. So that would be the default behavior which we're preventing by calling event.preventDefault(). Now, in React, when adding the action prop to a form element, this is not what will happen. Instead, React kind of overrides this attribute, this prop, and React will make sure that this function, which you pass as a value to action, will be executed when the form is submitted. So React will do that for you and React will behind the scenes call preventDefault for you so that that browser default is suppressed and is not happening, and that instead this function is executed. Now, this function then, however, will no longer get an event object. Instead, that function when used as a value for the action prop will get a formData object. The same kind of formData object you could create manually based on a form as we did it in the previous section. There I showed you that you can construct a formData object based on the event target, which was the submitted form. Now, when using this form actions feature, this formData object is created automatically for you by React. And this formData object then will contain all the submitted data, so all the submitted input values in that form. For that it's just important that you add the name prop to all your input elements because that name prop sets the key, which is then used in the formData to extract the values for the different input fields. So you must add the name prop to your inputs for that inputs value to be included in that formData object. But we're already doing that here in this form. And then here in handleSubmit we can, for example, get the entered email by accessing formData and calling the get method that's built into this formData object. And then we extract the value for the key email. And I'm using the key email here because I used email as a name down there. So that's how this is related. So that then gives me the entered email. And, of course, we could extract all the data now, but here I'll just start with the email and then we can console.log(enteredEmail) just so that we see something on the screen. Well, and with that, if we save this and we go back and open the developer tools and clear the console, if I enter some email address here and I click Sign Up, I can see that email here. So that's Reacts form actions feature in action. You also might notice that the form was reset, the email field was cleared because that's also something React does automatically for you. And I'll soon show you how you can work around that, how you can make sure that user values are being saved and kept if you want that. But for the moment it's enough to see that this form actions feature works. Now, there's just one more thing I'll do here. I'll rename this function to signUpAction and also use that new name here, because whilst the old name, of course, also worked, I no longer want to use this handleSubmit name here because we're not really handling the submit event anymore. Instead, we create a function that serves as a form action. And that's why I'm using this naming pattern. But that's, of course, optional and just personal preference. But with that, we created our first form action, and we let React handle the form submission now.