So at the moment, all entered values are thrown away if an invalid form is submitted. And that's of course not a good user experience. Now, to make sure that this is not happening, we have to adjust our signup action a little bit. And there we should make sure that the state that we return does not just consist of this errors information, but that it actually also contains some information about the entered values. So the values that have been entered by the user, because we can then use that information that's returned in that state to pre-populate these input fields again, to make sure that the entered values aren't lost there. And therefore here I will actually add an entered values property to my returned state object. Though of course this doesn't have to be named entered values, the name is up to you instead. But here I will name it enteredValues, and the value will be a nested object where I want to have all the values I extracted up here. So I will simply pass email, password, confirm password, first name, last name, role, acquisition channel, and terms to this entered values nested object. And with that done, we can go down to our form and then for example, go to that email field and set the default value prop on that input element. Not the value prop, but the default value prop because that in the end will define the value to which this input will be set when the form is reset. And as mentioned, React does reset the form whenever the action here is executed. And that's why I want to change the value to which this input here is reset. And I wanna reset it to formState.enteredValues.email so that the email address that has been entered by the user, which I do return in my updated state here, is repopulated into this input field. Now, it is possible that enteredValues is not defined because for example, it's not part of my initial state. There I only have the errors key, no entered values key. And the same is the case if I did submit a valid form. So therefore, we should check if entered values exists by adding a question mark here so that JavaScript only tries to access this email property if this is a defined object. Otherwise undefined will be set as a default value and that will basically set this input to an empty input field. Now I'll migrate the other inputs soon. First, let's check whether this works as intended for this email input field here. So with that added, if we save this, if I reload and I enter some email here like this, and I click sign up, you see I get these error messages, but now my email input field did not lose its value. So that's working the way it should. And therefore we can now use the same approach for all the other inputs. Here for the password input, I want to set it to enteredValues?.password} For confirm password, it's enteredValues?.confirmPassword} For the first name, unsurprisingly, it's .firstName} And for the last name it is .lastName} Now for the role, we must set the default value on that select element because that will then select the right option. And here it's .role} For the acquisition channels, here it's a little bit different. There on every input we should add defaultChecked, and then set this to {formState.enteredValues? acquisitionChannel.includes('google')} So if the acquisition channel array includes the word Google, this Google checkbox should be checked. And here for friend, I want to check for the value friend. And for the other input I want to check for other here, like this. And here for the terms check box, it's also the defaultChecked prop that should be added. And I want to check if {formState.enteredValues?.} if that's set, if terms is set to true. So this will be checked if terms is true or a truthy value in general. And that should make sure that all the entered values are kept and aren't lost just because some invalid value has been entered. With that, if you reload, if I enter, let's say a password and a first name and I check this Referred by a friend box and I click Sign up, you see these values are all kept, but I'm also getting some error messages because well, some fields are invalid. Now let me switch to a different role here and all also check the Terms check box and Sign up. And we got less error messages. Now, one thing you might notice is that this dropdown did actually not keep its value. And to me that seems to be a bug with React here because I am setting the default value on that select element correctly here. But nonetheless, it looks like it always is reset back to its first option instead of the default value that's set up here. So that at the moment, to me, seems to be a problem with the select element default value and how use action state works. Because at the moment there also is no way of disabling this resetting that's performed by form actions automatically. So at the moment, you have to then manage the form state with use action state and set the values of the inputs manually if you want to keep them. And therefore at the moment, I am not aware of a way that would allow us to keep the value for this select element here, but for all the other inputs, it works as expected. I also want to highlight that this reset button now also works differently. If you press it nothing seems to change, the form isn't reset. But actually it is, as you can tell if you uncheck this Terms box, for example, and you then click Reset, you see it's checked again. And the reason for this behavior is that reset resets all these inputs to their default values, but now I changed those default values. I changed those default values to make sure that the entered values are kept around. So that's worth noting. If you wanted to empty all those input fields when the reset button is clicked, you would have to add some custom logic that does so. So that does target all these input fields and sets them to some empty values. So now with that, we're able to validate these inputs and we're able to show errors and keep the user input. Now, of course, if the user enters valid values into all these fields, so if I quickly do that here. If I select valid values and I submit this, then the form is reset again. Because then in that case, we of course make it through all these checks and we don't have any errors. So we make it past this safe check, and we then return this state object, which doesn't contain the entered values key anymore. And therefore all the input fields are set back to empty values because there are no values defined for the entered values key. And that's indeed the intended behavior. If it weren't, you simply would have to add entered values here and set your desired input values. But here I wanna reset them all to being empty because when we submit the form without errors, we are good to go, so to say. We would then typically take the entered values, for example, send them to a backend and either navigate away from the page or clear the input fields as we're doing it here. And that's therefore now how we can use form actions also in conjunction with this use action state hook to manage form submissions, input validation, and the values that have been entered by a user.