So we can submit forms, but at the moment, we are stuck for one second until the response from the backend is back when we click Submit, at least if we have a valid form. And as mentioned, it would be great if this Submit button, for example, would be disabled, and maybe the text on it would change whilst the form is being submitted. And we have two main ways of adding such a feature to this application. One way would be to use this pending value here, which we got back from useActionState as a third element in this array because that will be true if the form is currently being submitted and it will be false otherwise. And therefore we could use this information to update the UI. And that's also why it's important to await here because pending then will be true until this promise is resolved. React will wait for that. But I'll not use that approach here because I wanna show you another hook that's offered by React that helps us with situations like this. A new hook that's meant to be used in conjunction with formActions. And that new hook is a hook that's actually imported from react-dom, the useFormStatus hook. And this hook actually can't be used in the component that contains the form and the formAction. So we can't use it in this component, but instead it must be used in some nested component. So some component, and that's why I'm removing this import, some component that is used inside of this form. Therefore here, I'll add a new component in this component's folder and I'll name it Submit.jsx, or that's the file name I guess. The component function then is named Submit. So I'm exporting a new default function called Submit. And in this Submit.jsx file, I will now import this useFormStatus hook from react-dom. Now back in NewOpinion.jsx, I'll grab this paragraph here which contains my Submit button, and I'll cut it and remove it from this component therefore, and instead return that here in the Submit.jsx file in this Submit component because now here in this Submit component, we can and should now call this useFormStatus hook. And as a result, we'll get back an object that contains various pieces of information about the current form status, the current status of the form in which this component is being used. For example, we could get hold of the data that has been submitted. We could get hold of some other information as well. The official documentation lists all the information you can get out of that object. But probably the most common piece of data, the most common information you want to get access to is the pending property, which is true or false depending on whether the surrounding form is currently being submitted or not. And we can use this pending property to conditionally disable this button by setting the disabled prop to pending. So now if pending is true, if the form is being submitted, the button will be disabled. And we can also replace this text here and set it dynamically and check if pending is truthy. And if that's the case, I'll set the text to, "Submitting..." Otherwise, I'll set it to Submit. And now we got this reusable component that we could use in any form that uses formActions to output a button that adjusts to the current submission status. So now back in the NewOpinion component, we can use this Submit component like this, and of course, import it like always. And if you then use it here inside of this form element and you save this, you'll see that now if you reload, if I enter my name and a title and some text, if I click Submit, you see the button is disabled, the text changes. And then once the form is submitted, everything is reset. And I see my opinion here, and that's therefore now working the way it should. And that's how you can update the UI based on the current form status.