Now in this application here, the form here in the new-opinion component is not the only place in this application where data should be submitted. Instead, we also have these vote buttons here, which at the moment don't do anything, except for resetting this page somehow, but they don't do anything else. And it would of course be nice if clicking these buttons would change this vote count here so that users can vote opinions up or down. Now for that, we can go to the Opinion component, which is the component responsible for outputting a single opinion here, because it's in there where these buttons can be found. Here they are. And as you see, they are also inside of a form, but now it's two buttons in one form. And when we click the buttons, we actually want to do different things. So it may be the same form that is being submitted, but we want to send different kinds of requests upon that form submission, depending on which button was used. So in the end, I kind of want to have two form actions here, one for each button, because in this application, in my context, I do have separate functions for upvoting and downvoting. And at the moment in there, I am only updating the state. Soon, we will also send a request to the backend. But let's start with the main problem here. The fact that I want to trigger different form actions here for the two different buttons, even though I only have one form. Well, the great thing is that form action functions can actually not just be set as values for the action prompt of the form, but instead you can also go to buttons inside of a form and add the formAction prompt to such a button and set that to a action function. That's also something that's allowed by React. And that then of course allows you to trigger different form actions for different buttons. So therefore, here in this application, I'll add a new form action, again, inside of this component function, since I'll need to work with some data that's only available in here. And I'll add a first function, which I'll name upvoteAction, for example, and then also add a second function called downvoteAction. Now here, we could still accept the formData, we would still get that. But in my case here, my form actually has no inputs. So I don't care about the formData. Instead, I just want these functions to be triggered. So therefore, upvoteAction is now set as a value for this first button for its formAction prompt. And then for the second button, which is responsible for downvoting for this button here, I'll set formAction to downvoteAction. So with that, these two different action functions are being triggered. And for example here, we could console.log('UPVOTE') to see whether that works. And in the second action function, I'll console.log('DOWNVOTE'). With that done, if you save this and if you reload, if you open your developer tools and you open the JavaScript console there, if you click the upvote button, you see upvote being logged, and hopefully unsurprisingly for the downvote button, it's downvote. So that works and that's how you can register multiple form actions for one single form if you have multiple buttons in there. Now as a next step, I of course want to make sure that we actually send a request to the backend when those actions are being triggered.