So how can we send a request to the backend here when these forms are being triggered? Well, we can again go to our context, and then there in upvoteOpinion, add the code for sending a request. So we can turn this into a async function and then here call await to await the result of calling fetch, and fetch is used to send the request. The request then should be sent to localhost:3000/opinions/ and then if you take a look at the backend code, the ID of the vote that you wanna upvote is required as part of this path. So therefore we should actually concatenate the ID, which I'm also expecting as a argument here. And thereafter, we add more to this path and we add /upvote. So we must make sure that this ID is being passed to upvoteOpinion when that function is being called. That's something to keep in mind. Now, if you take a closer look at the backend code, you'll also see that it's a post request that is expected here. So back in our context file, we have to configure this request and set the method to POST. Well and then, as you learned, we'll get back a response and we can check if the response is maybe not okay, so if some error response was sent back. In which case I wanna return here so that this code won't execute, because in this code I'm updating my votes for this opinion here on the front end. And I only want to do that if we have a success response. So if the votes really were updated on the backend. After this check, it should be safe to update those opinions though. Well actually, for technical reasons, it would be a good idea to also wrap this request with try catch since we could run into some technical issue. But to keep this code simple and lean, I'll not do that here. And therefore this should now work. We of course should do something similar in the downvoteOpinion function in this context file. So I'll copy and paste that code and add async here as well. But now the request must be sent to /downvote here. Other than that, everything should be fine though. And now back in the opinion component file, instead of logging upvote or downvote, we of course should make sure that these context functions are invoked. So again, as before, you should import use or useContext, one of these two hooks from React, so that you get hold of the context. So I'll call useOpinionContext, OpinionsContext to be precise. And then I'll destructure this context object to pull out the downvote and upvote opinion functions on which we just worked. So upvoteOpinion and downvoteOpinion are pulled out of the context. And then here in upvoteAction, I want to call upvoteOpinion. And in downvoteAction, it's downvoteOpinion. Now of course these functions yield promises. These are async functions. So we should also create async actions here so that React will wait for these action functions to complete in case we wanna update the UI based on their state. And then await this here. And of course, both functions require the ID, which we conveniently get as a prop here. So we should pass that to upvote and downvoteOpinion. And that's why these action functions must be created in this component here, so that we do have access to this ID prop here. With that, if you save this, if you reload, if I click this upvote button, nothing happens initially, but after a second, this changes. And it takes a second because on that backend code, I again have this artificial delay here to simulate a slow backend. Now that of course means that the same is true when we downvote. It takes a short while until this is reflected, which of course means that we get some strange behavior if I hammer this button because then it looks really weird if it changes like this. Now if I reload, those votes are also there because they really were stored on the backend. But now it's time to improve the user experience here.