This year is a great example for a place in the user interface where optimistic updating might be a good idea. Because when I press this button, we have to wait for a second until this vote number goes up. Now that's not horrible of course, but we can do better. And we can do better with help of another hook that's offered by React and that's related to this form Actions feature. We can use the use optimistic hook here. And use optimistic, as its name already kind of implies, is a hook that aims to help us with optimistic updating. Now how does it work? Well you call it here in this case, in this component where I have the piece of UI that should be updated optimistically. So the number of votes in my case. I call it here in the opinion component use optimistic. And then as a first input value, it needs the value that should eventually be updated optimistically. In my case here, the votes, which is a prop value in the end. So that's the first input value. It's the initial state of this optimistically managed state, you could say. Now use optimistic also takes a second parameter and that second parameter is a function that will in the end be invoked by React, but at a point of time defined by you. As you will soon see. Now this function will then receive a parameter automatically passed in by React. And the value it will receive will be the old state that's managed by use optimistic. So the state that was active before this function was invoked or that is still active at the point of time where it's invoked. In my case here, the previous votes. Because this function then has the job of returning a new state, a new value, so in my case, a new number of votes. That's why here I also expect a second argument in this function, which I'll name mode. And this is now a argument that is in the unset by me, as you will soon see. And here I expect mode to be a string that's either up if we're up-voting, in which case the new state I wanna return in this function is my previous number of votes plus one. Else if it's down or anything but up, I wanna return previous votes minus one. Now how does this mode parameter end up in this function though? It's definitely not managed by React because React doesn't know about which kind of values I care here. Well, use optimistic, like most hooks, returns a value. And the value it returns is an array. That's why I'm again using array destructuring here. And it's a little bit like they use state hook. Because the first value is my optimistic votes state, you could say. So it's my number of votes that's in the end this votes value initially and that's then managed with help of this function. The second element returned by use optimistic or the second element in this array I should say, is a function that we can call if we wanna invoke this optimistic updating function. So I'll name it, set votes optimistically, though the names of course are up to you. Now this function, set votes optimistically, can be called in any form action of your choice. That's the idea behind it. It should be called inside of a form action because use optimistic is meant to be used in conjunction with form actions. Because the state produced by use optimistic, my optimistic votes in this case, will be a temporary state, you could say, that's only shown on the UI whilst the form that invoked this optimistic function is being submitted. And thereafter this state will be thrown away and the actual UI state that is applied by some other code in your application will become active again. So it's just about having a temporary value whilst the form is being submitted. That's the idea behind this use Optimistic hook. But it's now this function which you can call to invoke this function, which you passed as a second argument to use optimistic. And any values, any arguments you pass to set votes optimistically will be passed as parameters to this state updating function here after this first parameter. So this first parameter here will always be passed in by React and it will always be the previous state, but any other parameters thereafter are simply the arguments you pass to this function. So if you pass no arguments to this function, you will get no extra arguments here. If you pass 10 arguments to this function, you will get 10 arguments here. So that's how this works. In my case, I plan on passing one argument to this function and that will be that mode, which should be a string that's either up or down. So where should this function be called then? Well in these form actions when the form is submitted, but before we call up mode or download opinion. So before we send that request and wait for its response. So it's here where I'll call set votes optimistically and pass up to it, and then download action I'll pass down to it. And that's all. This function doesn't return anything. Instead this optimistic votes here, this state will be updated automatically when we call this function. Because this function here will then execute and produce a new optimistic votes value. And then this component function will re-execute just as it does with use state. And therefore it's now the optimistic votes which we can and should use here in our JSX code in this span. Like this, and the idea now simply is that these votes will change instantly when this function is called. And then we sent the request thereafter. And the great thing about use optimistic is that it will understand in which action it's being invoked in the end. So that is meant to be called inside of form actions. Just to be clear, you should invoke this function from inside of form action. And use optimistic then registers that and waits for that action to complete. And once the action completed, it will get rid of this optimistic state and instead apply the regular UI state that would've been applied anyways. So the value that's produced by use optimistic is only shown whilst the form is being submitted. That's the idea behind use optimistic. It gives us a temporary value that's shown as long as the form is being submitted. But therefore with that logic added, if you save everything, if you reload and you up upload, you see this changes to a one instantly. And that's therefore now of course a way better user experience because this ensures that we now update the UI instantly, but behind the scenes the process takes a bit longer. Now, if the update were to fail because for example, in the backend code we had an error and to simulate that, I'll go here in my upvote endpoint in the backend code and I'll return a response here where I set the status code to 500 like this. So that I always return an error response here and I then stop that backend server and restart it so that this updated code is picked up. If I do that, you'll see that now when you upload it still updates instantly optimistically, but then it rolls back to the old value. Because again, use optimistic only gives you this temporary value. That's the idea. Now, with that, I'll get rid of this error in the backend because I don't want it, it was just a demo. And I'll restart my backend server so that everything works again. But that's now use optimistic in action. Another hook that can be quite useful when working with form actions.