Maximilian And that's now it for form actions. These are the core form actions related features React offers. And the key takeaway they offer is that you can define functions which you can pass as values for the action prompt to form elements, or as you learned to buttons, and then there the formAction prompt, and React will then make sure that these action functions are invoked and it will give you the form data automatically. So it will automatically collect all the input values and give you such a form data object. It will also automatically reset the form, which can be a problem. And that's why you also might want to use useActionState so that your form action can return a value, any value of your choice. Can be a object, as is the case here, but doesn't have to be. And then you can use that form state to update the UI to show some error messages, for example, but also to pre-populate, or repopulate those input fields with the values entered by the user, for example. And you can do anything you want in your form actions. You can store the code in local storage if you want to do that. But you can also, of course, use context or directly send a request from inside the form action if you want to, to send the data to a backend, because form actions can be async. They don't have to be, as you also saw in this section, but they can be. And if they are async and if they potentially take a bit longer, you got additional hooks like you useFormStatus, which you can use to update the UI whilst the form is being submitted. And you got useOptimistic to perform Optimistic updates. So to set some temporary state, some temporary value, which will automatically be thrown away once the form submission is over, so once the action function is done. You can use all these features thanks to this form actions feature that's built into React. Now when it comes to handling form submissions, it's therefore, of course, is up to you whether you want to use form actions or whether you want to handle submissions manually with help of the on submit prompt and by preventing the default and by using all these things you learned in the previous course section, because that's also absolutely valid. You don't have to use form actions, but of course, you can.