Now for this section, I have a demo project prepared and that is actually the project we also used in the routing section with some extra features especially the backend, which I'm providing for you. This dummy backend API, learn some new tricks and does now enforce user authentication and support user creation and login. And before we start writing some code here, and before we dive into this project, it is of course important to understand how authentication actually works in React apps and what it actually means. Now let's start by clarifying what exactly authentication means. In the end it means that certain resources, certain backend routes, for example, should be protected and should not be accessible by everyone. So the front end application, the React application that wants to access certain backend resources must authenticate before this access is granted. It must get permission. And for that of course, the question is how does our client side React application get permission from that backend application running on a server? Well, it all starts with sending a request with user credentials. So with an email and a password, for example to that back and server. That backend server is then able to validate those credentials or create a new user if that's what we're doing. And then if the credentials are valid if we did provide a valid email password combination then the server will send us back a response that basically gives us permission to access certain protected resources. But how does this response look like? Is it a simple yes or no? Yes, you have access. No, you don't have access. Is that enough? Well, the answer is a yes alone would not be enough because if a server responds with a yes and in future requests from the client to the server, we then simply append that information that we got a yes in the past. That of course is not enough because we could simply fake that. We could simply say that we have permission so the server must reply with something else than a yes or no, something that can be validated on the server and that proves that we really got permission from the server in the past. So therefore we can't just save and use a yes answer after logging in. We can't just attach a yes to future requests that want to access protected resources because we could fake that. Now, there are two main solutions for that. We could use server side sessions or authentication tokens. Now, server side sessions are a very popular solution especially for full stack applications where you don't have a decoupled front end and back end as we do often have it with React though. So it's not ideal for React as you will learn. But the idea behind server side sessions would be that on the server, after a user was logged in and authenticated we store a unique identifier on the server. We basically stored a yes on the server and mapped that to a specific client with help of an id that's then sent back to the client. And the client then sends that ID with future requests which do try to access protected resources. And since we stored a yes mapped to that idea on the server the server is able to check whether that client really does have permission to access protected resources. Now, server side sessions are a great way of solving authentication or of enabling authentication but they do require a tight coupling between backend and frontend because the backend must store information about the client. And with React apps you are often talking to decoupled backend APIs which are not closely coupled to a client and which don't store any client site information. And that's where authentication tokens come into play. And that is indeed the mechanism we will implement in this course section here. The idea behind authentication tokens is that on the server after a user was authenticated, so after a user sent a valid pair of credentials, for example, we create but don't store a permission token which is basically a string that is created according to some algorithm and that includes some information. So we create such a token on the backend and we send that token back to the client. Now, the special thing about that token is that it's validity can only be checked and proven by the backend that created that token because the token is created with help of some private key which is only known by the backend. So in future requests from the client to the backend we attach that token to those requests, and the backend is able to take a look at that token, validated and see if it is a token that was created by that backend. And if it is a valid token, then permission to those protected resources is granted. And that is exactly what this dummy backend API which I'm providing to you here does. In this dummy backend API. When a user signs up or logs in, what I'm doing in the end is I'm creating such a Jason token as it's called a Jason Web Token. Now that token is created with help of a third party package, and it's a very simple piece of code that I'm executing here. Under the hood I'm using that third party package for creating a token that is created with help of a private key that's only known by the backend. Of course, in reality, you would have a safer key than that simple key, and you would probably not include it in your code base, but this is just a dummy backend which we're using as a demo. So here I'm creating such a token, and again, that token is in the end just some string created according to some algorithm and signed with that key. And in future requests from the frontend to the backend I can run those requests through some extra middleware as it's called. So through some extra check on my backend to validate whether those requests do include a valid token. I am validating this with help of a middleware I wrote myself which simply funnels the incoming request on the backend through a couple of checks where in the end check whether a valid Jason token was attached. And when I validate that token I am again taking that key into account. Now, you don't need to fully understand that backend code because this is not React and that's not the focus of this course. You do learn more about Node.js and express in my Node.js course if you want to learn more about that. But you should understand that I'm creating and validating tokens here on the backend and that some routes are protected by some extra middleware in front of them some extra middleware that checks wherever the incoming request has a valid token attached. And if it doesn't then an error response would be sent back. It's all the worth noting that not all backend routes are protected. There are certain routes which don't require authentication. For example, if you wanna get a list of all events then for this API that's possible without being logged in. But if you wanna create a new event or if you want to update an event then you must be authenticated. And as I mentioned before, this is the same application we already worked on in the Routing core section, and therefore we are still dealing with those events you saw there. So that's the backend, and that's how this token based authentication is implemented. And therefore, ultimately, if we go back to this picture the server does not send back a yes or no response after we log in but instead a response that includes this token. And then on the client side, in the React app we have to store that token attach it to future outgoing requests, and use that token as an indicator whether a user is logged in or not because we might want to update the UI to, for example, show a log out button if we are logged in and we can use that existence of that token which we get back from the server to find out whether the user is currently logged in or not. But we're going to implement all these things throughout this course section of course.