So let's now get started. And for that we have this demo project as mentioned and I do strongly recommend that you go through the routing section first so that you understand this project and you understand the code in that project. It's almost the same code as we had it at the end of the routing section. It's just a backend API that was enhanced with those authentication features. And I added a new AuthForm component and it's styling here which we'll use in this section and a new authentication page. Though I haven't added any route configuration to lead to that page yet. We're going to do that together instead. So once you have that project on your machine once you downloaded it, you should navigate into this backend API folder and there run "npm install" to install all the dependencies and then "npm start" to start that server. Then in a separate terminal, because you must keep that backend server up and running in order to be able to communicate with it. In a separate terminal window you navigate into your front and application. And there you must also install all the dependencies and then you can start the development server with "npm start" there as well. And now we can start writing some code. You should then see a page that looks something like this by the way. So now we can start writing some code. And as a first step, I wanna make sure that we have a way of going to that authentication page maybe for a "/auth" route. And of course, feel free to implement this on your own as a small little practice. I'll take a short pause here to let you pause the video and implement this on your own. And then thereafter we'll do it together. So let's now implement this together. For this of course, we go to App.js where we have all these route definitions. And here I want to add a new route definition for this auth route. Now the auth route should still be part of my route layout. I still want to have that navigation on top of it and so on. So therefore, it will be a sibling route to this homepage and to this entire route stack of my events routes. We could add it here, maybe in front of the newsletter though the exact position doesn't matter. The path will be "'auth'". You could also add "/auth" as this doesn't clash with the parent path, but a relative path will do. And then the element is the "AuthenticationPage" component this JSX code here. And for that you also must import the AuthenticationPage, of course. Now that's all you have to do. And with that, we should be able to visit "localhost.3000/auth" and see this authentication for it. Of course, it would also be nice to have an entry here in the main navigation, and therefore I'll go to my MainNavigation component here and in there I'll simply copy that newsletter list item here and add a new nav link to /auth which also should get this Active clause if it is active. So I'll keep that code. Give this a caption of "Authentication". And with that, of course we do have this new entry here and we can go to this page through our navigation. That's of course, nothing new but that is how we get started with adding authentication. Now we can reach this auth form. Now as a next step before we actually start adding authentication logic I wanna dive into an additional routing concept that allows us to improve the user experience in this application. And that fits really well into this core section here.