So, as mentioned, I wanna dive into another routing concept we haven't learned about yet which fits very well into this example which is why I'm covering it here in this section. We get this button here on this auth form which basically allows us to switch to the create new user mode. In the end, it's the same form, but what will change at least later is that in one case, if we click save we do actually try to log in the user, we send a log in request to the backend. On the other hand, if we are in create a new user mode, we send a request to the backend that wants to create a new user. So we're sending different requests based on which kind of form we loaded here. We could also enhance the form with an extra password confirmation input, for example if we are creating a new user, but will not do that here, but I'd like to switch between these two modes. And as you can of course tell, we are able to switch between those two modes. But at the moment, this is implemented with help of useState and this logic here where I basically toggle this isLogin state whenever I click this button down there. That of course works, there's nothing wrong with it and you could keep it that way. However, we could also leverage a standard web concept for managing this. We could leverage query parameters, search parameters as they're also called. Now, a query parameter is in the end a parameter that's appended in the URL after a question mark. And we could say that we, for example wanna support a mode query parameter, which is either set to log in or to sign up. And depending on what it's set to we wanna load a different version of that form. So it's the same route, it's the same path, the path is always /auth, but we get this extra parameter which defines how exactly this component should be rendered. And that's not uncommon to do and an advantage of using query parameters would be that we can directly link to this page in signup or log in mode so that we could link a user directly to the signup page, even though it's one at the same page just with a different UI being rendered. And that's why I want to replace this state based logic with my query parameter logic, not because it's generally better, but because it offers these advantages I mentioned. Now to switch to that state based logic, I will get rid of this switch off handler function and the useState call here, and we can get rid of the useState import. And instead now I want to replace my button down there which I use for toggling with a link. So here I will use that link component from react-router-dom, and I'll then replace this button here with that link, get rid of that type attribute and get rid of the onClick handler. And instead we set the to prop on that link. Now, where do we wanna link to? Well, we wanna stay on the auth page so we could link to /auth but that's redundant since we can also just set up a relative link that stays on the currently active route anyways. Therefore, I just wanna add my query parameters here by adding this question mark and then the name of my parameter, which here is mode. Then I set this equal to and then the value to which it should be set when we click this link. And that should be either log in or sign up, depending on whether we are currently on the login or signup page. If we are on the log in page, if we are in login mode to be precise then I wanna set this to sign up. If we are in signup mode, I wanna set it to log in so that we can switch to the opposite mode. Therefore, this must be set dynamically here and I will use the template literal notation to easily inject something here. But the something I wanna inject is of course based on the currently selected mode, and I of course want to manage my mode here with query parameters as I just mentioned. Therefore, I must get access to the currently set query parameters to know in which mode I am. I also need that information to correctly set the title and so on, by the way. Now, react-router gives us a hook that makes it easy to get access to the currently set query parameters. And the hook is called useSearchParams because query parameters are officially called search parameters. We can call useSearchParams here and this actually returns an array and hence we can use array destructuring to get access to the elements in that array. And there are two elements in that array. The first element is an object that gives us access to the currently set query parameters and the second value we get from that array is a function that allows us to update the currently set query parameters. Now, I don't need that function here because I will update the query parameter with help of that link that sets the query parameter, but I do need to get access to the currently active query parameters. Therefore, I will just get that first element from that array and then here we can get the information whether we are in log in mode or not by accessing this search patterns object here. And then there is a get method which allows us to retrieve the value for a specific query parameter. And here it's the mode query parameter I wanna retrieve the value for, and I wanna check if the value is equal to log in. So I'm in log in mode if the mode query parameter is currently set to log in. If it's set to any other value, then I assume that I'm in signup mode. So that's how I retrieved a currently set query parameter since I named it isLogin, that other code here also should continue to work because previously my state was also named isLogin so that code should still work, that's why I chose that name again. And now we can use that isLogin information here in our link to set the mode to a different value. If isLogin is true, so if we are in login mode then the new mode should be set to sign up. Otherwise, if we are in signup mode we wanna set it to log in. So that's the code we add here. And with that we'll have a link that allows us to switch between modes, and that's already all we have to do. If we now save this file here, this off form component, we got this login link and we can click this link to switch between our modes. And if you take a look at the URL here at the top, you will see that this URL does reflect that mode with help of the query parameter. And that is just an alternative to using state but now we can directly link to that page in a certain mode. We can also update our main navigation now if we want to, and for example, link to that off page with mode being set to log in so that if we click that authentication link in the navigation bar we also load this auth form in log in mode by default.