Okay, so now we can switch, with help of our routing feature here. That's nice. Now, let's finally focus on authentication, and let's make sure that we can authenticate. And that all starts with enabling user creation. On this dummy backend API, which I'm providing to you, there is a route which allows us to create users. We got this signup route here, where I, in the end, then validate the input, the email, and the password, and I return an error response if invalid credentials were provided, if the password is too short, for example. It must have a middle length of six characters here. And if everything is valid, then I create a user, store it in my file here, in this events.json file, in the end. We could also use a database, but for this dummy back and we're using this file. And I create such a token, and send that token back to the front end. That's what's happening here, when we trigger that signup route on the backend, to be precise, when we send a post request to that signup route. Now on the front end, this of course means that if this authForm is submitted, we want to send such a request. Now that authForm here, already uses the form component provided by React router, because I want to use React's router's data fetching and submission features you learned about in the Routing section, for sending and getting data. In the auth, we of course must add an action to our route here, an action that is triggered when this form is submitted. For that, I'll go to my authentication.js file, to this authentication page component file, and there, I'll export an async function called action, as we did it multiple times in the Routing section. And that action will be triggered whenever this authForm is submitted, because it is on the same route as this authForm is on. Now in this action here, we of course must get access to the form data that was submitted. And we do that with help of the request object, that's part of that data package that, we get as a parameter in this action function, that is executed by React router. Again, if this is all brand new to you, definitely go through the Routing section first. I do explain how React router, and how this action feature works, in detail there. So now here we got this request object, and we now of course, want to get hold of the data that was submitted with the form. And we can do that by calling request.formData, this method. And we await this, and this gives us a data object, which we can then use to search for the email and the password that was entered. Therefore, we can construct a authData object, where the email is retrieved with help of dataGet('email'). This get method exists on this data object, that is returned by formData. So this gives us the email address that was entered by the user. And the password can be retrieved with data.Get('password'), like this. So that's how we get this data. Now of course, we wanna send different requests, based on the mode this form is in, if we are in login, or signup mode. So therefore, we also must take a look at this query parameter, in our action, to find out whether a signup, or login request, should be sent. Now, thankfully, it's all quite straightforward to get hold of that, even though we can't use the useSearchParams here. That won't work, because we're not in a component here. But we can use the built-in URL constructor, which is provided by the browser, and pass our request.url to it, to then access the searchParams object on that you URL object, that's instantiated here. So that's how we can get hold of our searchParams here, on the backend, with some default browser features. And then, on that searchParams object, we can also call get, and extract the mode here. We can also say that if it's undefined, we maybe wanna use signup as a default, or login, or whatever you want. Here I'll go for login. And therefore here I then have the mode, which is either equal to login, or signup, or in general, whichever value mode is set to. So now we know which mode we are in, and we can get the data. Therefore, now we have everything we need to send a request to that backend. And I'll do this with my fetch function again, with the browser's default fetch function. The URL is localhost:8080. And then we wanna send the request to either /signup, or /login, based on which mode we are in, because /signup, and /login, are the two routes supported by the dummy backend. Now conveniently, mode is login or signup. So we can simply append the mode here, after this URL. Now of course, users might deliberately enter some unsupported mode here, like abc. And to defend against that, we can simply check if mode is not equal to login, and mode is not equal to signup, for example. And if that's the case, we could throw a new error here. We could throw a new error response, to be precise, and import the json function from react-router-dom, as explained in the Routing section, and then throw an error response here, where we for example, say "Unsupported mode," and where we set the status to 422, for invalid user input. This is one way of handling this. Alternatively, we could simply set the mode to signup, if it's an unknown value. That is totally up to you. Here, I will just throw this error. Okay, so that's one thing. Now we're sending this request to this URL, which incorporates that mode. And that will give us back a response, which we wanna await. But that's not everything we have to do. Instead, we need to configure this request, and for example, set the method to post, because on the backend, both signup, and login, expect to get post requests. We also wanna set the headers, and add the content type header here, which should be set to application json, so that on the back end the sent data is extracted correctly. And speaking auth that data, that should also be added with that body field here, where we have to convert it to json format, with json stringify, and where I simply convert my authData, so this data up here is used down there. That's how that works. With that, we're creating that request, and we're then storing that response in a constant. As a next step, we can then add the code to handle that response. For example, we could check if the response status code is equal to 422, which means we have some validation errors, or if it's equal to 401, which will also be sent back from the backend, in certain situations. For example, if we try to log in with invalid credentials. And in those cases, if we get these error codes from the backend, I want to return some data, to my route component, to the authForm in the end, so that I can show an error message there, and show the validation errors next to the form, for example. Therefore, here, I will return my response. And as you learned before, you can return responses like this. React router will automatically extract the data for you. Now, if I make it past this check, I also wanna check if the response is maybe not okay, if we have any other error, in which case, I wanna throw an error response, so that my closest error element is rendered on the screen. And here I will then include an object, where I add a message of, "Could not authenticate user," something like this. And I'll add a status code of 500 here. Now, if we make it past all these steps here, the user creation or signup did succeed. So soon, we will have to manage that token here, which we get back from the backend. But for the moment we'll not do that yet. And instead just redirect the user. So therefore, I'll return a response, where I redirect by using that redirectHelper method from React-router-dom. And I call redirect here, to redirect a user to the starting page, for example. So once we are logged in, we're redirected to the starting page. That's what I'll do here. So that is the action that should be executed whenever this authForm is submitted. And with the backend server up and running, this should all work without any further changes. The last thing we have to do though, which is easy to forget, is that we add this action to our route definition. We must register it there, otherwise it won't be picked up by React router. So here I'm importing this action as my authAction. And this authAction is now set up as an action here on this route. So here we add the action key, and point at our authAction function, which is exported by the authentication page file. And now with that, we've got everything set up. If we are now in create-a-new-user mode, we are able to enter some credentials here, like test@test.com, and then here, any password of your choice, which should be longer than six characters. At the moment, we're not outputting validation errors yet. We'll soon do that. For the moment, just make sure you enter a correct password, and a correct email, and click save. And nothing happens here, but that's because I have an error here in my action. When I add header, this must be headers. That's important, otherwise this isn't added as a header, and therefore on the backend, the data isn't extracted correctly. So this must be headers, a small typo from my side. With that adjusted, if we hit save, we are redirected. And we are redirected, because we did create that user. Now we can tell that the authentications exceeded, by going back to authentication, and switching back to create user mode. And if we now try to create a user, with the same email as before, the password does not matter. But if it's the same email as before, you will see if I click save, nothing happens. The reason for that is that, behind the scenes, we're actually getting authentication errors, because the backend checks if a user with that email exists already, and if that's the case, it sends back an authentication error, with status code 422. And therefore, now we just want to handle this on the frontend, to show an appropriate error message, because it's all working as it should, but we are not giving the user the feedback he or she should be getting.