So let's now make sure that we're showing validation errors or any authentication related errors we might be getting in general here above that form. And that is, of course, something we already did learn about in the Routing section. For that, I'll go to the AuthForm.js file. And in that file, I simply wanna get my action data. So, the data returned by that action function that was submitted by that form. We can get that data with help of the use action data hook, as you learned. So, here we can get that data with use action data, and we only get that data if our action returns something, if it returns something else, then a redirect. So in this case, if it returns here, if we got a status code of 422 or 401. In that case, it will return a response to us that includes some information about the problem that occurred when trying to authenticate the user. So here, to output that information to the user, I'll output it below this h1 element and check if the data is generally set, if it's available, if we do have data, because we won't always have data. Only if we did submit the form in the past. Then I check if an errors object is present on that data. It will be present if we have validation errors. And if that's the case, then I'll output an unordered list where I simply loop through all the error information I have. Now, since errors will be an object, I will use a built-in function provided by JavaScript, object values, to go through all the values in this errors object. So, I'll pass data dot errors to values, and that will give me an array of all the error messages that I have. So, I'll then map my error messages to list items where the key is set equal to the error message and where I output the error message like this. I will also add another check down there and check if my data has a message, if I have the message property on this data object, and if the data object exists, as mentioned. And in that case, I'll also output data dot message here. So with that, I'm outputting any error data I'm getting and we can already see that this was updated here and that this is the information I got when I tried to create a user with an existing email address. If I use a brand new different email address, then, I, of course, won't get that error and instead I will succeed. Now, the last thing which I want to add to this form here is a little indicator that the form was submitted and that we're waiting for the response. So, I wanna find out if we're currently submitting data. And, we also learned about that in the Routing section. We can use another hook for that. The use navigation hook which gives us a navigation object, and that navigation object has a state property which holds the current submission state, so to say, or which lets us know whether we're currently submitting. So here, I'll then add a helper constant called is submitting, where I check if navigation dot state is equal to submitting. In that case, I know that we're currently submitting data and I want to use that information down there at the bottom for this save button. Here, I wanna disable that button if we are submitting, and I wanna output a different text based on whether we are submitting or not. If we are submitting, I wanna output submitting, dot dot dot. Otherwise, I'll output save. So, that's how I updated this button. Well, and with that, if I go back and create yet another user with a different email address, I can click save, the button changes, and then I'm redirected. So now, we got that sign-up process down, and that's all working as it should. Let's stay on for now. Focus on logging the user in as a next step.