Now, if the goal is to attach the token to outgoing requests, then of course as a first step, we have to store that token when we get it back from the backend after signing up or logging in. Because just to bring that back in memory on the backend for the sign up and the login routes, which I have here, even though you don't have to fully understand that code, I am eventually creating a token and I'm returning that token under a token key as part of the response that's sent back to the front end. So on the front end, when we get that response, we now wanna extract and store that token so that as a next step, we can attach it to outgoing requests. Therefore here in my authentication file in the action that is triggered when we submit the form before we redirect the user away, we wanna extract that token from the response. So here I'll get my response data by awaiting response.json. And that response data contains the token under a token key as you just saw in the backend code. And that token must now be stored so that we can use it. The question is where do we store it? And there are various options. We could try to store it in memory somehow. We could store it in a cookie. But a very simple and straightforward option is to store it in local storage, which is a browser API which we can use here because you must not forget that this code and this action function runs in the browser. So we can use all standard browser features here. Therefore here we can access local storage and set a new item here to store that token in that browser storage. So some storage that's managed by the browser. And I'll give it a key of token and then store my extracted token here. That's what I'll do. With that for the moment, that's all I wanna do. Now the token is stored here and now we can get it from local storage when we need it for outgoing requests. Now for that, I'll add a little helper function in a new folder called Util, which I create next to my Components folder where I'll create a file called off Auth.js. And in that file I'll add a function, which is exported which is called getAuthToken. In here, I'll get my token from local storage with help of the getItem function by using that token key. And then I'll return that token. It might look like overkill to create that function for that simple code here but we'll add more code to that function later. That's why I'm creating it here. So now we have a function for extracting the token. We could have also added a function for writing and storing that token if we wanted to but here I'm fine with that extraction function. And I now wanna use that function in the places where I now do need a token. For example, in the EventDetail JS file. There we got this action where I do send that delete request in the end. Here I'm trying to delete my event. And we must add the token to this outgoing request. Now, for that, we must add headers and we must add the special authorization header and set that to a value of bearer white space and then the token. That's simply the format the backend is looking for. That's the header and the header format the backend expects. So that is something we must add like this. Here I then wanna add my token, but for that I of course must get my token as a first step. Now thankfully, that is of course quite straightforward to do. We can use this new getAuthToken function which I just added and imported from that Util folder. And with it imported, we can call it in this action to get our token, store it in a token constant and add that token here for this authorization header. And with that, we're storing the token when we're logging in and we're then using the token for attaching it to this delete request in this case. So with that added, what we can do now is again log in to make sure that we get a token and store it. You can now, by the way, also see that token if you go to the application part in your dev tools. There you can inspect local storage and you should see that your token is stored here. You could also delete it here if you wanted to clear it but I'll keep it around. And now if I go to Events and I select an event, I can click Delete and confirm this and I successfully deleted that event. I got no errors here because we did now add that token to the outgoing request and therefore the event is gone. So that's how we can use that token. And of course we don't just wanna use it here for deleting, but also for a couple of other requests, for example, for editing. If we edit an event then we also wanna add the token. And the same is the case for adding a new event. This action is to find here in the EventForm JS file and they offer here, I of course also wanna add my authorization header, which is set equal to bearer white space and then the token. And I wanna get my token here as well with that getAuthToken helper function, which must be imported just as before. So don't forget to add that import. And with it being imported, we can call it, we can get the token and attach it to the outgoing request like that. With that, we should be able to also edit and add events. And with that, we added the token to all routes that are protected on the backend because here I am protecting my creation, my editing and my delete routes. So therefore, now to quickly verify this, if I try to add a new event here without a real image but this doesn't matter, I can click Save. It is here. I can also edit this, hopefully. Yes I can and I can delete this. That's all working as it should.