Now getting that token, storing it and attaching it to outgoing requests is an important part. But we can now also go back to our fronted application itself. We might want to update the user interface based on the current authentication status. If we have a token, for example, we might not want to show this authentication navigation item because it makes no sense to show that if we are locked in already. On the other hand, it makes no sense to show the edit and delete buttons or this new event button if we are not locked in, because allowing users to go there if we're not locked in makes also no sense. So updating the UI based on the existence of a token makes a lot of sense. However, that also means that we need a way of getting rid of a token. And at the moment, we would have to do that manually through the dev tools, which is of course not the solution we wanna offer to our users. Instead, we wanna add a log out route, and that means that in MainNavigation.js in our navigation component we wanna add a new list item to our navigation bar that in the end shows a log out button like this. Now this button should then trigger an action or whatever that deletes the token. And there are different ways of handling this. We could simply add a on click listener and trigger a function that reaches out to local storage and deletes the token. But here I'll use the more official React Routing Embracing approach, and I'll add a new route. I'll add a new file in my pages folder called Logout.js. And the special thing about this file is that it actually won't contain any component because there is no log out page. Instead, I'll just export a function and action to be precise, which will clear my local storage which will get rid of the token. So all I wanna do in this action is I wanna reach out to my local storage and remove my token with the remove item method. And then I want to return redirect with that redirect function from react-router-dom, and redirect the user to the starting page; let's say if a user logs out. So this might look strange but it is simply a JavaScript file, which holds an action. And now I can register a new route that only has that action and no component. And we learned about such routes before in the Routing section already, so that shouldn't be too surprising or new. I'll add a new route here where the path is simply logout and where the action is that log out action I just created. Therefore, I'll import that action here and import action as logoutAction from ./pages/Logout. And this logout action is now connected to this newly added route. Now we can send a request to this route here. We can submit a form that targets this route and that's exactly what I'll do in my main navigation now. I'll wrap my button here with this form that's provided by react-router-dom. So I import form here, and then I'll add an action of /logout and a method of post though that doesn't matter here, and save this. With that, we have this log out button which we can click and we are redirected. So that works as it should also got no errors here. And if we take a look at our application tab here now we see that the token was removed from local storage. So that's how we can log out. And now with that, we can finally also make sure that we update the UI accordingly and check whether we have a token or not to then, for example show the logout button only if we are logged in and show the authentication item here. Only if we're not logged in, for example.