So now to update the UI based on the existence of the token, I wanna make the token easily available in my entire application on all my routes basically, and I also wanna make sure that the information, whether the token exists or not, is automatically updated so that if the token would be removed because we log out, the UI automatically updates. Therefore, for that reason, I don't just wanna call getAuthToken, my helper function here in main navigation, for example to get the token because that function is only called when this component is reevaluated, but it will not lead to the component being reevaluated if the token is deleted in the future. So I want a more reactive solution. And we could use React context for managing that token across the entire application. That would be a perfectly fine way of doing that. But since we're using React-router, we can also again leverage that tool, that package for doing that. And we could, for example, go to our root route which in the end wraps all other routes as you can see. And there we could add a loader, which simply takes a look at local storage and extracts the token from local storage. And that token would then be available through the loader data of that root route in all other routes. The best thing about that is that React router will automatically reevaluate that if we for example, log out, if we submit that logout form. So it will then re fetch that token and for example determine that the token doesn't exist and then update all the pages that use that loader data from that root route. So that is a very reactive solution and that's therefore why I will use that approach. So here we can add our loader function and I will put that in a separate file in my off utility file, actually. Here I'll add my tokenLoader. And in that function here, I will simply call getAuthToken and return the result of calling that. So that is quite straightforward. I will just use that helper function here. But now back in App.js, I will import this loader as the tokenLoader from /util/auth and use that here on that root route. So now this will be called whenever a new navigation action occurs, for example, because we triggered a logout and therefore we will check the current status of the token whenever the user does anything on the page whenever the user submits a form or navigates around. And that therefore ensures that we always have the latest information about that token. Now, here I have an error because I named this tokenLoader already, so I should import it as tokenLoader. And now with that, that should be working. So now we can use that loader data from that root route in all our other routes. In order to use data from that loader and easily get access to it, I'll assign an ID to that route. Root sounds like a fitting id. And now in MainNavigation.js we can use this useRouteLoaderData hook about which we learned in the routing section already to get our token here by targeting the root route. And we know that what will get here is the token because that is what the that root routes loader does return. The tokenLoader here does return the token. So therefore, in MainNavigation, we now get hold of that token and we now know that if that token exists we're logged in, and if it does not exist, if this is undefined, we're not logged in. Therefore we can conditionally show that authentication link here by checking if token exists and only rendering this list item if it does exist. Though that would show it if we are locked in and we want the opposite, hence I'll add an exclamation mark here. Now that authentication link is only shown if we're not logged in, if we don't have a token. On the other hand, that logout button should only be shown if we are logged in. So here I'll have the opposite logic. I'll check if we have a token, and then I'll render this list item. With that, if I save this uc, I see authentication here, because at the moment I have no token. But if I do log in again, if I do submit that form with valid credentials that changes, and I now see logout instead. And we can use the same approach here for conditionally showing these edit and delete buttons or this new event button. For that, we can, for example, go to events navigation, which is where I have this new event button and use the exact same approach as before. Use the RouteLoaderData hook, which is imported from react-router-dom, to get our token by getting the loader data from the root route. And then we only show this new event link here if we have a token and not otherwise, because if we're not logged in, it makes no sense to show this. And the same is true for the event item. There, I also will use the useRouteLoaderData hook to get data from my root route, and that data is the token. And that information can now be used to conditionally show that menu. Here I only wanna show it if we have a token, because otherwise we can't edit or delete this anyways. So with that, if we save this, I see all these items because I am logged in, but if I log out and I then go back to events, you see the new event button is gone and also edit and delete are gone. So that works as it should.