Now, it's good that we're conditionally updating the UI based on the existence of the token. What we can still do though is we can manually go to events/new, for example so we can still reach that form even though we're not supposed to. Of course, submitting the form would fail because we actually wouldn't be able to attach a token to the outgoing request. So we still have that protection but it would be even better if we wouldn't be able to reach that form at all if we're not logged in. So what we need is some route protection. Certain routes here should not always be accessible. To be precise, it's the added route here, and this new route here which should not always be accessible. Because we shouldn't be able to reach these routes if we're not logged in because we won't be able to use them correctly anyways. So how can we add this kind of protection then? Well, we could utilize a loader. A loader that simply checks if we have a token. And if we don't have a token, redirects us away. And I'll add such a loader in this auth js helper file. I'll add the checkAuthLoader here and in there I'll simply call getAuthToken to see if I have a token. And if we don't have a token then I will return and call redirect from React-router-dom to generate a redirect response and redirect a way to /auth, for example so that the user is able to log in. Alternatively, we could also throw an error and show the error page that is totally up to you. So now this loader here can be used to protect a route. That's one way of protecting a route. Now, back in app js, we can add that loader to all the routes that need protection and that would be the checkAuthLoader which the offer of course also must be imported from the util/auth file and that checkAuthLoader is added to the added route here and to the new event page route. If we now save all files and I try to visit /events/new whilst not being logged in you see I'm redirected to /auth. Of course, if I do log in here and I visit the new event route, I can go there. Also, if I enter it manually, that all works. But now we got proper protection in place to make sure that we can't accidentally visit pages we're not supposed to visit.