Now we're almost done with adding authentication. I mean, it does work as it should after all. But one last piece is missing here. At the moment we always stay logged in if we got that token once. So as soon as we got the token, we save it, and from that point on, we stay logged in. Now, that's nice but unrealistic. Indeed, the backend creates a token that will actually expire after one hour. Now, that could be configured differently, but for security reasons, it's a relatively short lived token. Now, you could definitely create more advanced authentication flows and setups but here it is quite simple. And this token expires after one hour. Therefore, I also wanna log the user out after one hour because the token is invalid thereafter. And I don't just wanna log the user out, I also wanna clear the token and I wanna remove it from local storage so after that one hour, the token should be removed from local storage and the UI should update accordingly. Now, to enforce that, we again got various options, and you can get creative here. One option would be to go to the root layout. So to this Root.js file. And in that file we could use the good old user fact hook which is not a React navigation feature but which we can of course still use here. And then here, this useEffect hook could be used to set a timer whenever the root layout is rendered which happens when the application starts because that is the very first component we definitely load for all our routes. If you have a different setup where you have multiple sibling root layouts, this approach would not work. But here, this is the one root component which definitely includes all other root components. So therefore we can go to this root layout and then set up our effect function here. And my idea behind this effect function is that I wanna get my token here. And since I'm in the root layout, and I'm getting the token here with help of the token loader, I can simply use useLoaderData here. I don't even need to use useRouteLoaderData and use the idea of the route, because here I already am in that very component that's rendered for the root route. And then here I got that token. And that token can now be set as a dependency for a useEffect so that this effect function runs whenever the token changes. And here I simply wanna check if we maybe don't have a token. If that's the case, I just wanna return because there's nothing to do then. If we don't have a token anymore, if this effect function was executed because the token was removed, for example then we don't have anything to do. But if we do have a token, I wanna set a timer. I wanna set a timer that expires after one hour and that then triggers that logout action. So that basically sends a request to that logout route we added earlier. For that, we can use a navbar hook provided by React Router. That's the use submit hook which gives us a submit function. And we learned about this hook in the routing section, of course which we can use to programmatically submit a form. And here I wanna basically submit that logout form which I have in my main navigation file. I wanna send that logout request. That's what I wanna do. We can do this with help of this submit function which we also set as a dependency here on this effect function because we're going to use it in the effect. And once that timer expired, I will call submit. I won't pass any data because there is no data to submit. But I will target this /Logout action this logout route, the action that belongs to that route, set the method to post. And that will therefore trigger that logout route, and well, start that logout process where we clear the token. Now here I will set the timeout to one hour by multiplying one with 60, so 60 minutes, then 60 seconds and then 1000 milliseconds because set timeout expects to get the duration in milliseconds here. So that's one hour in milliseconds, what I'm calculating here. And with that we get this effect function, which executes whenever the root layout component is rendered or when the token or the submit function changes. The submit function won't change though but the token might change. And if we have a token, then we start that timer which clears the token after one hour. that's what we're doing here. We can, by the way also remove the use navigation import here which we don't need anymore. So now we would clear the token after one hour. But this solution still isn't perfect yet. It still has a flaw.