So let's get started with building this quiz project. And I will get started by adding a couple of components. Therefore, as a first step, I'll add this Components folder in the SRC folder. And in there I want to add a Header JSX file to hold the header, which I want to show on top of my page. And I'll add a Quiz.jsx file because as you saw before in this section, in this section here, we're going to build a quiz web app. And therefore I'll add such a quiz component which will control this quiz and render other quiz related Components. But I'll start with the header. In there I'll add my header function component, and of course also export it as you learned it before in this course, and as we did it many times before in this course. And then here I wanna return the built-in header element which should be wrapped around an image and an h1 element. Now, in the h1 element, which should display my main title on the page, I'll output ReactQuiz. And for the image, it's this quiz logo png file, which I wanna display. And here's one important note, by the way. Definitely feel free to pause these videos at any point of time throughout this section to try out the next steps on your own. So if I'm, for example, saying that I want to display an image here and I tell you which image, you can pause the video and add the code for that on your own. And the same is true for when I start adding new Components or I start managing some state and so on. Whenever I tell you that I'm about to do something, definitely consider pausing the video and trying it on your own because that will be a great exercise and practice. So, here, to display this quiz logo png file I'll go back to the Header JSX file and import this logo image from. And then going up one level here, actually, since I'm in the Components folder, then I'll dive into the assets folder, and then there it's this quiz logo png file, which I wanna target. And with that import added, you learn before, that in most React projects, this veet-based project included, I can set the source of the image to this imported image here, and the project setup will then figure out and inject the path to the, potentially, optimized image behind the scenes. Now we also want to add a alt text here. And here, I'll just say quiz logo. You could of course be a bit more descriptive here. With that, we got a very basic component, no effects, no state, because not all Components need that. Indeed, most Components don't need state or don't need effects. And therefore, now that we added this header component we can go to the app component file, the app JSX file, and import header from ./components Header.jsx like this. And then simply return this custom header component here. And if you save everything you should therefore then see this header here on the page. And that's of course a great first step, but of course, also pretty basic. Therefore, we'll continue right away and also start working on the quiz component. Now my idea behind this component is that in there I want to show the currently active question to the user. And when the question was answered by the user I wanna switch to a different question. So it should be this quiz component that's responsible for switching between questions and registering user answers. But of course, I'll simply start by exporting a new component function, which is called Quiz. And then in this component, as mentioned, I wanna output the question, so the Currently active Question. And this, of course, will soon be replaced with more meaningful content. That's the idea. And then, as mentioned, in this component I wanna manage what the currently active question is and I want to change to a different question whenever the user answers a question and I want to store those answers. Therefore, we'll definitely need to manage some state here which we do with the useState hook imported from React because we need to register those answers, for example. So, therefore, here we could add two pieces of state where the first piece of state is the currently active question. And for that, let's simply assume that we get an array of questions. I will soon provide you with some dummy data which will be such an array. And therefore the currently active question could simply be managed through the index of the currently active question. If we got an array of questions, we could simply manage the index of the currently displayed question here and change that index whenever the user answered a question. So here we could then have the activeQuestionIndex and a setActiveQuestionIndex updating function. That would be one way of managing which question should be displayed to the user. And then, I'll also add a second piece of state here where I wanna register the answers selected by the user because every question will come with multiple possible answers. And, of course, throughout the quiz, I wanna store all the answers picked by the user. And therefore, we'll, well, need some state where we do store those answers. And that could also be an array where we basically just add answer by answer to this array. And I'll name this state here userAnswers and setUserAnswers because these are the answers picked by the user. But I can already tell you that this would be a possible way of managing the state, but in my opinion, not necessarily the best way.