So we got started adding some components and we got started managing some state here in the quiz component. Now a lot of logic is missing and of course the questions are missing. And before we'll improve the logic, I will indeed give you some questions here, so that we do have some questions to work with. Therefore attached to this lecture, you find a questions.js file, which you should add to your project right next to the main JSX file. So simply grab that attached file, insert it next to the main.jsx file. And in that questions.js file, you'll find an array that's being exported, which is full of dummy questions with possible answers for all those questions. And you'll see that every question has an ID, a text and then those mentioned answers. And what's important about those answers is that it's always the first answer that's correct. Now of course, when we display those answers to the user, we therefore want to shuffle them so that there it's not always the first answer that's correct. But here in the raw data, it is the first answer so that in our web app logic, we can determine whether the user picked the right answer or not. But we'll work on that logic a little bit later. But now that we got this array of questions here, let's come back to this quiz state. Why is this way of managing the state not optimal, in my opinion? What could be the reason for that? What could be wrong here? Well, at the moment, I plan to have two state snapshots here. The index of the currently active question and then an array of answers selected by the user. Now, if you take a closer look at this implementation, you might see that in the end, one of the two pieces of state here is redundant because of course, we will definitely need to store the answers picked by a user. But when it comes to the active question index, that could actually be derived from this user answers array here. Because here we will store one answer for every question. And therefore, we can simply take a look at the number of stored answers in this array, and we can derive what the currently active question index should be because of course, if we have like two answers in that array, it's the third question we now want to present to the user because the first two questions have then already been answered. Therefore, we can get rid of this active question index state and instead add some derived state, a computed value to this component here. The active question index can simply be a const where we take the user answers and then the length of this array. And therefore, if this is an empty array, this will give us zero and the active question index will be zero. So it will then be the first question which we want to show to the user. If one answer has been added because the first question has been answered, this index here will be one and therefore the second question in this questions array. And that's therefore a better way of managing the state because when working with React, when writing React code, you typically want to manage as little state as possible and derive as much state as possible instead. And that's what we're doing here. And therefore, with this change here, which optimizes our code, we can now finally work on presenting a question to the user and therefore we want of course import this questions array and then output the text of the question with the currently active question index on the screen. Therefore, here in this component, in the quiz component, we can import our dummy questions, maybe named like this to make it clear that this is some dummy raw data we're importing from going up one level and then there are the questions.js file. And then here, instead of outputting this paragraph, we can output a H2 tag, let's say, where we then output questions, access the active question index, and then the text property because that's the question text that should be displayed. And of course, we also want to output the possible answers below that. So therefore, we can actually wrap this into a div with an ID question for styling purposes here because in this starting project I gave you in the index CSS file, I already set up a bunch of styles and therefore, if you use the ID question on this div, we should get some nicer styling. And below this H2 tag, we output an unordered list, which should get an ID of answers, also for styling purposes. And here, we then want to dynamically output all those possible answers. Now, I said before that they should be shuffled and we will soon do that, but for the moment, just to see something on the screen, I'll simply access my question for the currently active question index, then the answers, and then we can map this list of answers so this list of strings to a list of JSX components as you learned it early in this course. Here, we'll get the answer in this function and for every answer, I want to output a list item where every list item will get a key, which here could be the answer itself because the answer is just a string, but it will be a different string, a different text for every answer. So this is indeed a unique identifier we can use. And I'll also give every list item a class name of answer, again, for styling purposes. And then between those LI tags, I want to output a button because those answers, of course, should be clickable, they should be selectable, and therefore, for semantic reasons, I'm outputting a button element. And then here, between my button tags, I want to output the answer, so this answer text that should be displayed. And with that, we're outputting those questions. We can then actually also already add a function that we could call handleSelectAnswer, so that should be triggered when this button here is pressed. And therefore, on this button, we should add the onClick prop and point at handleSelectAnswer, so that this function will be triggered. And then in there, I want to store the selected answer in my userAnswers array. Now therefore, of course, I'll need to get the selected answer here as a value, as a parameter, so that in here we can then update the userAnswers state. And therefore, in order to make sure that the selected answer reaches this function, it's, of course, not enough to just point at handleSelectAnswer like this down there, because like this, React would just call this for us, and React, of course, would not know that it should pass the selected answer along. And therefore, we'll instead wrap this with an arrow function here in this case, so wrap it with some other function, which will then be the function invoked by React, so that in this potentially invoked function, we have more control over how handleSelectAnswer will be invoked, and we can now pass the answer we got here to handleSelectAnswer, and this will still not be executed immediately when this code here is parsed, but instead still only when the button is clicked, because it's then this outer function that will be invoked, and in there, our custom function execution here will then be executed. That's how this works. That's what you also already saw multiple times throughout this course, but it is, of course, important to be fully aware of this pattern and to understand this pattern. So therefore, that will give us this selected answer, and now we can update our state based on that answer. Now, of course, this state will be an array, and we definitely don't wanna lose the old answers, so the answers that have previously been selected for other questions, and therefore, we wanna update this state with this function form, where we pass a function to the state updating function, because we wanna update this state based on the previous version of this state, and whenever you do that, you learned in this course that you should use this function form here, and here we get our previous user answers, so the old version of that state, the guaranteed latest version of this state, to be precise, and we then wanna return our updated state, which should be a new array where we spread in all those existing user answers, but where we then at the end append the selected answer as a new element. That's how this state here should be updated to make sure that we don't lose any old state and that we got the guaranteed latest state, and with all that out of the way, we can go to the app component now, and finally now import the quiz component from ./components quiz.jsx, and then here, besides outputting the header, we also wanna output the quiz, and therefore we'll need this special fragment component that's built into React so that we can have the header as one element and the quiz as another element here so that we output them side by side. And I'll actually also wrap my quiz into the built-in main element like this just to separate them and for styling purposes. And therefore now with all that added, if you save everything, you should see something like this on the screen. You see the answers and you see the questionnaire. Now the styling is actually a bit off, and to fix this, we can go to the quiz.jsx file, and there I actually wanna add another div around my question here, so move this question div into this div, and give this div an ID of quiz, and we'll need that because later I'll add more elements to the quiz besides this question, but with this extra div wrapper here, you see that now this is all nicely centered. We got this nice box here. We can select those answers, and we progress through those different questions as we pick answers. Now of course at the moment, at some point of time, we'll simply exhaust this array of questions, and therefore the app will crash with an error, but we'll fix that soon because of course we got a lot of logic to add to this project, but showing those questions and selecting those answers already works.