So, now that we can display questions and register answers, I wanna make sure that we do actually shuffle those answers so that they're not always presented in the same order and it's always the first answer that's correct. And I wanna make sure that once we exhausted all questions, we don't break the app with an error, but we instead show some summary screen. Now, I wanna start by shuffling those answers. To do that, we can go to this Quiz JSX file and in there we could now add a shuffledAnswers constant where we simply start by creating a new array. And we then spread those question answers for the selected question into this array. So, this QUESTIONS[activeQuestionIndex].answers data piece here, we spread that into this array. Once we did that, we can use shuffledAnswers and call the built-in sort method on it. And sort will not return a new array, but instead edit the array, so the shuffledAnswers array here on which you call it. And that's why I'm creating a new array here, so that I don't edit the original answers array which I wanna keep in the order it is because there I know that it's always the first answer that's correct. And I need that information to then dynamically validate whether the user picked the right answer. So I don't want to edit this array, but instead I want to edit a new array, and that's what I'm doing here by creating a copy and then calling sort. And sort then takes a function, which in theory always receives two elements from this array on which you're calling it. And if you're then returning a negative number here, those elements will be swapped. If you're returning a positive number, they will stay in the order they are. And sort will then simply go through all the elements pair by pair in this array to derive a new order. Now, I actually don't care about the inputs here because I wanna shuffle the order here. And we can achieve this by simply calling Math.random() - 0.5 because Math.random will give us a value between zero and 1, 1 excluded. And if we deduct 0.5 from that, we will end up with a negative value in 50 of 100 cases or with a positive value. And that should therefore shuffle those answers. And therefore, it's then those shuffled answers which I wanna output down there instead of those standard default answers. With that, if we reload, you should see that the order of those answers is different every time this does reload. And that's therefore the first step. And I'll say right away that this is not fully finished yet. We'll have to tweak it a little bit later, but the core logic is correct. But before we'll tweak it, I wanna make sure that we don't break this application and quiz if we answer too many questions as is currently the case. And to make sure that we don't break it, we have to find out whether the quiz is over. And that can be another computed value because the quiz will be over if we registered as many user answers as we have questions. So, we can add another new computed value, a new constant here, which could be called quizIsComplete or something like this. And this should be true if the activeQuestionIndex is equal to QUESTIONS.length like this and false otherwise. So with this check, we make sure that we can't exceed the number of questions we have. And now, we just need to display some different content and not this quiz content here if the quiz is over. So, if we did go through all questions. And for that, we can of course add a if check here and check if quizIsComplete, and if that's the case, I want to return, let's say a div with an id "summary" and in there we could output a h2 element where we say Quiz Completed! And maybe also some image above it which I will import into this file. And here I wanna import this quiz-complete PNG file. So therefore here it's this quizCompleteImage imported from going up one level, diving into assets, and then quiz-complete. png. And now it's this image which should be output down there as a source. And the alt text could be "Trophy icon" because that's what's being displayed on that image. And if you now save this, you should be able to reload, go through these questions. And once you went through all questions, it crashes again. And that happens because we do indeed check if the quizIsComplete, and then output a different component. But before we do that, even before I produce this quizIsComplete value, I'm already trying to access the activeQuestionIndex here to get my answers, which I wanna shuffle. But this will fail if the quiz is complete because we exhausted all questions. So therefore, this logic here should actually come after this if block where we return if the quiz is complete, so that this code here only executes if we still have a question to display. And with that change made, if I reload, now I can go through all those questions. And then, at the end we see this Quiz Completed screen here. And that's therefore this logic added.