So now that this quiz is slowly, but steadily taking shape, before we'll work on this game over screen where I of course also wanna tell the user how many questions were answered correctly and so on. Before we do that, I wanna add an extra feature to this quiz because I wanna make sure that for every question, you have a limited amount of time to answer it. Let's say 15 seconds or something like this. And I wanna have a little progress bar that's slowly depleting as this timer expires. And if the timer did expire, the next question should be presented and this question should be skipped. So if the user does not answer in time, no answer will be registered. And to implement this, we will now use useEffect. But of course, as you can tell, this quiz component is already growing in complexity and size, and therefore I'll outsource this timer into a brand new component. I'll add a question timer component file called QuestionTimer.jsx. And in that file, I wanna export a new component function QuestionTimer. And here the goal in this file then is to display this progress bar, so the default progress element. But of course, this component will not just be about displaying this progress bar, it will also be about managing this progress bar. Now, I will actually start by giving this an id, question time, which is there for styling purposes. But then to add some logic, we also wanna set a timer that expires after sometime, and we can do that with the built-in setTimeout function as you learned before. We then just have to define after how much time this should expire. And here, I think it would be great if this question timer would be a configurable component, so that the exact time is not hard coded in this component, but can be defined in the component where this question timer component is being used. Hence, I'll destructure my props object here and I expect to get a timeout prop here which is the timeout that should be set on this timer. So that could then, for example, be 15,000 milliseconds, so 15 seconds. Then once the timer expired, I wanna let the parent component know about that. So that if we use question timer in the quiz component, we actually are notified that we should move on to the next question, because it's this quiz component where I'm managing the active question. Therefore, question timer also should receive another prop that should be a function that should be called from inside this timer once it expired, and that could be onTimeout, for example. So that in here, in this timer, I call onTimeout. And we can actually shorten this code and just set onTimeout as the function that should be called by the browser once this timeout expired. Now, I'm not using useEffect here at this point because even though this is a side effect, it's at the moment not an effect that would require the usage of useEffect, because I'm not facing the danger of an infinite loop here, because I'm not updating any component state here, and I'm also not trying to interact with an element that wouldn't be available yet. So this code at the moment is fine as it is, but of course that's not all I wanna do here. Instead, I also wanna make sure that I update this progress bar, and therefore we also need an interval that executes some code every couple of milliseconds so that we can update this timer. Therefore, we of course also need some state in this component so that this progress bar is rerendered every couple of milliseconds whenever that state changes. So I'll import useState from React here and then the state that is registered here is in the end the remaining time, so remainingTime and setRemainingTime. The initial value for the state should be this timeout value because that is the remaining time of this timer when this component is rendered. But then I wanna update this every 10 milliseconds or something like this. And therefore we of course need set interval as you learned, because here we can define that every 10 or 100 or whatever milliseconds, this function here should execute. And in this function, I wanna update my remaining time by deducting 100 milliseconds or whichever frequency you chose here from it. So here we need the function form since we update the state based on the previously stored state value. And the new value is standard previously remaining time minus 100, so minus my frequency here. And this would now of course create an infinite loop, because we're updating the state here. This would re-execute this component function. We would create a new interval where we would also update the state again and we would quickly have multiple intervals up and running which all would call this component function. And that's of course definitely not what we want and that's therefore a use case for useEffect because now we can wrap this code with useEffect here by passing this effect function to useEffect and this dependencies array about which you learned. And then we should move this set interval code into useEffect to make sure that this is not re executed all the time, but instead only when those dependencies change. And in here, we don't have any dependencies that would need to be added here, because you basically only need to add props and state values, and we're using neither of those in this effect function. But we should now of course also wrap this timeout code with useEffect, because otherwise when we update the remaining time, which we will do every 100 milliseconds, this component function executes again and this timer would be recreated, and we therefore would quickly have multiple timers up and running. Therefore, we should add another useEffect call here and move this code into this useEffect function. And here we now do need to add a dependency, because we actually have two dependencies that are used in this effect function. Because we're using two props in there, the timeout prop and the onTimeout prop, which is a function, but still a prop. So here we should add timeout and onTimeout as dependencies to make sure that this effect function gets re-executed if one of those dependencies changes. And that of course makes sense because of the parent component should decide that the question timer timeout should change, we, of course, also wanna reset the timer and set it again. And with all that, we're not done yet. We will tweak the code later, but we get a good starting state. And we can now use this remaining time here to update this progress bar. There we wanna set the max value to this timeout duration we're getting through the timeout prop, and the current value then should be the remaining time. Because keep in mind, this remaining time initially is this timeout value, but it's then getting less and less as this time expires. With that, we can go back to the quiz component and there import this question timer component we just worked on from question timer JSX and use that component here. And I wanna display it right above my question text here inside of that question div. That's where I wanna output the question timer. And now we of course must set both the timeout and the onTimeout props. Now, timeout should be the duration of the timer in milliseconds. And to get a ten second timer, for example, we should therefore enter 10,000 here, because that's 10 seconds in milliseconds. And on timeout, of course, should be a function that should be executed once the timer expired. And here we could execute handleSelectAnswer, but pass null as a value. So that we add a new entry to this user answers array in this function, but the value we add is null, so that it's not actually an answer from the available answers, but instead a placeholder that basically tells us that no answer was chosen for this question. And with that, if we save that and reload, we see this timer here expiring and as it expires, nothing happens. Or actually something happens after a while, but not instantly as it expired. Instead, as you see, if you reload, this timer expires and then we have to wait until at some point of time we do move on to the next question. And here we then of course have no timer as you see, instead it stays empty instead of resetting. And then at some point it still expires because it still seems to be going on behind the scenes, which is all the rather strange since it expired. So it looks like we need to fix a couple of things here.