Now, where's this strange behavior coming from that this progress bar is empty, but we only move on to the next question after a couple of extra seconds? Well, the problem is simply that the progress bar is depleting too quickly. We have a ten second timer, but if you set a stopwatch, you'll see that the progress bar is empty after five seconds. And that's happening because this interval here is actually getting triggered twice and therefore we have two intervals running behind the scenes that keep on updating this state. And therefore the progress bar is empty in half the time. You can see that it's getting triggered twice here in the console. And that's happening as I mentioned before, because we have React's StrictMode turned on in main JSX. Now during development, and only there, this StrictMode will actually execute every component function twice, which is done to help you catch certain errors in your app. Because in theory, your app should work in exactly the same way, no matter if a component function gets executed once when being rendered to the screen or 100 times. And clearly here, that's not the case, which is an indicator for a bug we have in our code. So here in this case, StrictMode helps us identify that we have a bug. But what is the problem? Well, the problem here is that when this effect function gets executed twice here we have two running intervals. That should not be the case. And what's missing here in our code is a cleanup function. We have to clean up the existing interval if this effect function runs again. And if we do that, it wouldn't matter if this effect function gets called 10 times, because if we always clean up the old intervals, we'll only have one interval up and running at the same time. And this is something we should add anyways, because at the moment if I move to a different question we also have the problem that the old timer keeps on running and is not being reset. And that should eventually also change and therefore will also need a cleanup function for that reason. So let's go here to the question timer component and store a reference to that interval in a constant and then add that cleanup function as you learned it as a return value in that effect function. And this cleanup function will then automatically be executed by React before it runs this effect function again, or when this component is unmounted from the DOM. So if it disappears from the screen. So therefore here in this cleanup function we now should call clear interval and pass this interval reference to it. And we should actually do the same for the timer, because otherwise this timer will keep on going. And for example, if this component would be removed from this screen because we reach that game over screen here, we of course wanna clean up the timer. So therefore here we should also store a reference to that timer in a variable or constant. And then add that cleanup function here where we clear that timeout by passing the timer to it. And now with that, with those cleanup functions added, if we now reload we will see that this progress bar does not deplete that quickly anymore, but instead works as intended. And therefore, once it's empty, we move on to the next question. But of course, now we have the problem that the timer and this progress bar is never reset. Now why is that timer and progress bar not reset when we move on to a new question? Well, because this question timer component doesn't get recreated. Keep in mind that we're using the question timer component in the quiz component here. And when we move on to a new question, we do that by storing a user answer. And then the act of question index changes because the length of user answers changed. But therefore, of course this JSX code just gets updated. But this question timer component is not being recreated because it hasn't changed. It was part of the DOM before. It is still part of the DOM now. The only thing that changed is the question text that's being displayed and the answers that are displayed. But this component was there and is there, and therefore it's not unmounted, not remounted, and therefore the timers and intervals in that component are not reset. Now of course here in this application, we'd like to have this timer to be reset though, because of course it should reset when the question changed. And there is a simple yet very powerful trick you can use in React to achieve this. You can add a key to this component, because this key prop can actually be added to any element and any component, because key is a built-in prop React is looking for. And you already learned that you should use this key when outputting list data, because there this key helps React identify those different list items and it helps React manage that list efficiently behind the scenes, so to say. But the key prop also has another purpose. Whenever it changes on a component, even if that component is not part of a list, whenever it changes React will destroy the old component instance and create a new one. So it will unmount and remount it basically. And that's exactly what we need here, because I wanna recreate this question timer component whenever we switch to a new question. And therefore we could set the question timer key here to the act of question index, which will change whenever the question changes. And with that simple change with that key prop added here, if you now reload you'll see that once this timer expired here, once this progress bar is empty and we move to a new question, it will jump back and reset. A new timer will be set, a new interval will start, and that will keep on happening as we automatically go through all these questions. So that's a nice trick with key, a nice feature of React that you should definitely be aware of.