So now that we got this working timer here, I'd like to enhance this application by making sure that as the user picks an answer here, I actually first highlight that answer. And then after a second the color of the answer changes to green if it was the correct answer or red if it was the wrong answer. And then after let's say two additional seconds, the next question should be loaded. So instead of instantly switching to a different question as an answer is selected, I'd like to lock the answer in and show the user whether it was right or wrong before moving on. That's my idea. And to implement this idea, some changes in the code are required. To be precise, in the quiz component, we'll have to work on this handle select answer function here because instead of storing the selected answer right away, which would lead to the next question being selected, I first of all wanna change the color of the selected answer. And to do that we could start managing a second piece of state here, which basically controls our current answer state. And that could be an empty string initially, for example, or a text like unanswered, to make it clear that the question has not been answered yet. But I'll go for an empty string and I'll name this answer state and have my set answer state updating function. And then here in handle select answer, I wanna change my answer state and change it to answered once the user did select an answer. Then I also want to set a timer in here with set timeout so that after a second. let's say, so after 1000 milliseconds, we changed that answer state to correct if the correct answer was chosen, or to wrong if the wrong answer was chosen and later we'll use this state to update the styling of the answer. So here after one second, I wanna find out whether it was the right or wrong answer. For that, we can add a if check here and simply take a look at the answer that was chosen by the user, so the selected answer and simply compare it to the correct answer of the question which was presented to the user. And there we know that when it comes to the answers for all those questions, it's always the first answer in that raw data that's the correct answer. So if the selected answer is equal to this first answer, we know that the correct answer was chosen. So here we can therefore check if selected answer is equal to questions. So to my raw questions data, and there of course the active question index and then there take a look at the first answer in its list of answers. If our selected answer is equal to that first answer, we know it's the right answer that was picked. So then we can update our state and set answer state equal to correct like this. Else, we wanna set the answer state to wrong because then a wrong answer was picked. Now with that, I am using the active question index in this handle select answer function though. And since this is wrapped with useCallback, we therefore now have to add active question index to this dependencies array of useCallback. Because this function here that's wrapped by useCallback should be recreated whenever the act of question index value changed because we're using that value in that function body and we don't want to use an outdated value here. So it's important that it gets recreated whenever this answer index changes. Hence it must be added here as a dependency. Now of course, another problem we'll face is that the act of question index will change right away once the user answer has been selected. Now one workaround could be to move this code where we update this array of user answers into this timeout where we mark an answer as correct or wrong. But if we would do that, we would still move away from this question right after we know whether it was correct or wrong and we would not be able to update the styling and show the user that it was right or wrong because, well, we moved away right away. So what I'll do instead is I'll simply go back here and make sure that my active question index is equal to user answers length if the current answer state is an empty string. So if the question has not been answered yet. So if this is an empty string, then my current active question index is equal to user answers length. Otherwise it should be equal to user answers length minus one, so that we still stick to the old questions, so to say. And that of course also implies that we need to reset the answer state to an empty string at some point. And I wanna reset it in here, after we marked the answer as correct or wrong. Here, I wanna set another timer. So I'm having some nested timers here which will only start after this timer expired. This timer could now be set to two seconds. And here I wanna set my answer state back to an empty string, which in the end makes sure that the answer gets reset. So to say, it's no longer marked as right or wrong. And due to the logic we added here, we will then also move on to the next question. So let's see whether that works and to see that, I also wanna update the styling of this component a little bit based on the answer state. And for that, I'll go to this button here and add a class name to it and set that to a dynamic value. And this class name here should either be an empty string if the answer has not been selected yet, it should be selected, let's say if it has been selected, and it should be correct if it was selected and is correct and wrong if it was selected and is wrong. Therefore, here in this list, I'll actually expand this body of this function that we pass to map, cut this and return this list item like this and then derive the CSS class that should be added to this button here, so that we have the CSS classes variable here which should be used as a value, let's say. And now CSS classes should change depending on whether this answer was selected or not and whether it is correct or not if it was selected. So here I want to check if the answer state is equal to answered, which is one of the state values we are setting up here. And if that is the case, I of course wanna find out if it was this specific answer that's being output here that was selected because here we're outputting a list of answers and just one of them of them will have been selected. And we can find out whether it's this answer that has been selected by also taking a look at the user answers because I'm updating that as well as soon as the answer was selected. And we can simply take a look at the last element in there to find out which answer was picked. So here I'll add a little helper. Constant is selected could be the name. And here I'll take a look at the user answers. And then there at the last element with user answers length minus one and that should be user answers and check if that is equal to this answer, which we're currently outputting here. And if that's the case, we know that it's this answer that was selected. So then we can use is selected down there. And we know that the answer state is answered and it's this answer that has been selected. So in that case, my CSS class that I wanna apply here is selected. And it should be selected because that's one of the classes I prepared in the index CSS file. And I renamed this to CSS class also down here. And with that, we should be updating this as it is being selected. Now we wanna switch from selected to correct or wrong once we know that this answer is correct or wrong. And for that, we again can use the answer state because it's that state that is being set to correct or wrong. And to achieve this down here in the JSX code, we can add another if block where we check if answer state is equal to correct or answer state is equal to wrong. And... And we should now wrap that with parentheses. And if this answer is selected, of course, and if that's the case, I instead wanna set my CSS class to answer state so to correct or wrong. And then it's the CSS class that is applied to the button. And with that, if I saved it and go back, if I click on an answer, you see it gets highlighted and then it gets marked as right or wrong, though as you also saw, it jumps around as I click on it. And that's super weird, of course. Why is it jumping around? Why is this not working?