So why do these answers jump around as I select one? Well, they jump around, because in this quiz component, which is becoming rather big by the way, but in this quiz component, we are shuffling those answers. As you might recall, we're doing that down here. And this code, of course, executes whenever this quiz component function executes. Thus far, this was no problem, because this function only executes again if the state changes, and up to this point, we only changed the state once we moved to a new question, but this is not the case anymore. Instead now we have this in-between state where we highlight the selected answer, so where we don't move to a new question right away. And therefore this quiz component function gets executed again, when we change the answer state, for example, and hence we shuffle those answers again. We create a new order of answers and that's, of course, a problem. We only wanna shuffle those answers once, and there are now two main ways of achieving this. One way would be to add a new state, a shuffled answers state, which could initially be an empty array, and then we had the shuffled answers state, and a set shuffled answers state updating function, and then we could use the use effect hook to make sure that this only gets updated when this component renders for the first time or if the active question index changed, for example. By adding active question index as a dependency of use effect. This would be one way, but I'm not going to take that route, because as a React developer, you should typically try to minimize the usage of use effect, because it happens relatively quickly that you use use effect wrong, and therefore potentially add bugs to your application. Therefore, it is typically considered a good practice to avoid the usage of use effect if it's possible. And here it is possible to avoid it, because you could instead use a ref with the use ref hook. Now not to connect some HTML element, but instead to manage some value, which, as you learned earlier in the course, will not change if the component function is executed again. That is something you learned in the refs course section, that you can use refs for managing values that are stored and managed independently from the component function lifecycle to which they belong. So here we could then have our shuffled answers ref for example, and store the shuffled answers in this ref instead of a constant down there, so that we set the shuffledAnswers.current value equal to this array, and we call shuffledAnswers.current sort, and we then wrap this logic with an if check, where we simply check if shuffledAnswers.current is undefined, so if it's not truthy. If it's undefined, I want to execute this code, because if it's undefined, I know that I don't have any shuffled answers yet, because that will be the initial state, that it's undefined. But once it has been defined, I will not shuffle them again, even if the component function executes again, because I already did change the order. Now if we do that, we also have to make sure that we use shuffledAnswers.current down there in the JSX code as well. And if we now save this and reload, and I now select an answer, you see that it stays in place and we don't shuffle those answers again. And you see that highlighting it as selected and then as right or wrong also works. But you'll also notice, that now as I select the answer and move to a new question, the answer actually stays selected, and what's even worse or also bad, is that in general, those answers now don't change anymore as we move to a new question. So the application is not working correctly anymore, and that is happening now because of our ref usage here, because I'm now never changing my shuffled answers here. I'm just shuffling them once and that's it. And now one of the easiest ways of getting rid of this issue here, in my opinion is to simply create a new component, because React is all about components, and here you'll now see another example for why working with components is great and why they can help you solve complex problems. Because here we can add a new component, the answers component, which lives in a Answers.jsx file, and it's a default component function that should be exported here. And my goal with this component here, is to output this list of shuffled answers. So I'll grab this unordered list here, this unordered list of answers, cut it from the quiz component, and add it here as a returned value in the Answers.jsx file. Now of course, we'll need a bunch of information in this component now, in this answers component, to render those answers correctly. For example, we'll need that list of answers that should be rendered. So we need to get that array of answers as input, as a prop. In addition, I also need to know which answer was selected. So it would be nice to get some selected answer prop which we can use. And we need that answer state, so whether an answer was selected at all, and if that selected answer is considered to be correct or not. So therefore back in the quiz component, we should import this newly added answers component from the Answers.jsx file, and output that down here, below the question title, or question text. The answers that should then be output are not my shuffled answers, because I'll soon add that logic right inside of this answers component, but therefore instead my available answers for the selected question. So this value here, questions, active question index, answers. The value for selected answer should be the selected answer, derived as we did it here, the latest answer stored in user answers. That's the value I pass as a value to selected answer. And the answer state of course is the answer state I'm managing here in the quiz component. Now as mentioned, the shuffling logic should now move into the answers component though, so I'll cut it from the quiz component and instead add it here. That of course also means that the ref should move to the answers component. So we cut it from the quiz component and add it in this answers component, and here we now also must import use ref from React. And on the other hand of course, in the quiz component, this import can and should be removed. Now in the answers component, the shuffled answers should now be derived based on the answers I'm receiving as a prop here. So here I should simply spread my answers like this. These answers here and the selected answer is used down here. And we also of course need to be able to communicate back to the quiz component once our answer was selected, and therefore here I also expect to get a on select prop, or any name of your choice of course, which will receive a function as a value and which therefore will be called as a function down here. Now, back in the quiz component, we therefore also should add on select here, and point at handle select answer, and since the answers component will make sure that the answer that was selected is passed as a value to on select, we can now directly point at handle select answer here in the quiz component, because the answers component will pass the right value to this function. But how does this all help us with shuffling now? Well, keep in mind, that the goal in the end is to reshuffle as the question changes, so as the active question index changes. Therefore it would be great if the answers component would simply be recreated if the old one would be destroyed and a new instance would be created as the question index changes. If we could unmount and remount it, because then all that code here would execute again. And that's the advantage of putting this here into a separate component, because that's now fairly easy to achieve with help of that key prop again. Remember? I explained that before, with the question timer. We can use the key prop to force React to destroy and recreate a component. And I wanna do that here for my answers whenever the active question index changes, just as I do it for the timer. And therefore now, just by moving that logic into a separate component and not changing anything about it, but adding this key here, just with this nice little trick and outsourcing into a component, we got rid of this problem. Now, one thing I'll have to fix though, which I just saw, is that my prop here, the answers state on the answers component should be called answer state, not answers. But with that, if we reload, if I select an answer, you see it's not getting shuffled around, but it's reset as we switch to a different answer. Though you'll of course also notice that as we move to a new question, we have a strange bug here. We got two progress indicators. And indeed, if you open the dev tools, you'll also find some warnings here that we're using multiple elements with the same key in the end. And indeed, of course, we are. I'm now using the same key, active question index, on two different components. And that is not something you are allowed to do. Yes, we have different components here, different types of components, but there are siblings to each other inside the same div, and we are using the same key, and that's not something React likes. So what could we do to fix this? Well, one thing that we could do, that also makes a lot of sense to do, is that we could create yet another component. Because as you already see, adding components does not just help with keeping your code manageable, but can also help you solve problems by splitting or combining logic that might otherwise interfere. So we could add a new question component here, which I, of course, also export, and now here I wanna return that div with an idea of question, and then in the end, move all this code here, and of course also this div in the end, into this question component and replace this div here with it. Now we must import question timer from QuestionTimer.jsx and import answers from Answers.jsx. And we'll of course need some input values here in this question component. We'll need the question text, for example, we'll need the answers, we'll need some way of telling the overall quiz component whether our answer was selected with the on select answer prop for example. And we should of course now use this question component here in the quiz component. Instead of importing question timer and answer, we can now import question from Question.jsx, and use this component down here like this. Now the question text is then equal to questions active question index text. So we should cut this here from Questions.jsx, and move it to Quiz.jsx. Set the answers equal to questions active question index answers, and cut this from Question.jsx and move it to the quiz file. And set on select answer equal to handle select answer. So that function stays here, at least for now. Now in the question component, we should now forward answers to the answer component. Use question text here and set on select answer as a value for on select here. But now we'll also need the last selected answer and the answer state here to update our answers component correctly. So therefore here we can get the selected answer and the answer state as props, so that we can use it in this component, and use the selected answer here instead of user answers based on the length of this array and picking the last element there, and back in the quiz component, we should now also set those props on question, and set the answer state equal to the answer state we have here, and set the selected answer equal to user answers, and then they are the last element. And then the question component, we now also have handle skip answer, which should also be received through props. On skip answer could be the name of the prop which we then set as a value for on timeout. In the quiz component, we therefore should add on skip answer, and then point at handle skip answer. But how does all that now help us with this key problem? Well, we can now get rid of that key here in the question component, and instead use a single key on this question component here in Quiz.jsx, because in the end it is the entire question that should be reset whenever the active question index changes. And with that, we saved this all, and I reload, you see the error is gone here, and if I pick an answer, it still works as before, but as we move to a new question, it's reset, and we also don't get any errors here and we can continue selecting and picking answers and move through those different questions, and that's now working as it should here.