Now, this quiz application is slowly but steadily taking shape here. We're able to answer those questions and see whether we did pick the right or wrong answer. And we got this nice timer here that tells us how much time is remaining. At the moment, we'll face a problem though. If I pick an answer a little bit too late, well then this timer up here might actually expire before I learn whether it's right or wrong. We simply might move along too quickly and as you actually maybe saw here, we then also seem to run into some problems where we got multiple timers going on at the same time. Because whenever we pick an answer, we are of course also setting a timer here in the question component. We're actually setting two nested timers here. And once this inner timer expired, which happens after we marked an answer as right or wrong, we forward the selected answer to the parent component, which is the quiz component here. But that of course means that if this timer here expires before the right or wrong answer is forwarded to the parent component, we switch to a different question because the timer expired. And then again, because now the actually selected answer was forwarded to the parent component. And in the quiz component, we got these two different situations where we do switch to a different question because we stored a selected answer. One way of moving to the next question and storing an answer is if an answer was skipped because the timer expired. The other way is of course, that we received an answer from the user because an answer was selected. And now both things happen if we select an answer too late. So what we need to do to avoid this problem is in this question component, we must up update this timer if the user did select an answer, so that we start a new timer, so to say, that only expires after we showed the user the right or wrong answer. And if that timer then expires, I also don't wanna tell the quiz component that the question was not answered, because that will then not be the case. So to update the timer here, once an answer was chosen, we can add a new computed value here in this question component, which we could name timer. And that should be 10,000 milliseconds or whatever your default maximum amount of time per question should be as one possible value when this question component gets rendered. But when this component gets re-rendered because an answer was selected, I want to change that value. So, I'll actually set this to a variable here and now change it depending on certain conditions. Because if on this answer state we have here, if the selected answer is truthy, so if we have a selected answer, I want to set the timer to 1000 milliseconds because I'll reveal the correct or right answer after those 1000 milliseconds. If then thereafter, answer is correct is not equal to null. So if we have the information, whether it is correct or not, I want to set the timer to 2000 milliseconds because that's then the time it'll take until we move to the next question. And of course, 1000 and 2000 therefore are the same values I have down there for my timers. And with that, we can and should use those computed timer values as values for the timeout prop on the question timer. And therefore, whenever timer changes inside of the question timer component, a new interval and timeout will be started and the progress will be updated accordingly. Because timeout is received as a prop here and used as a dependency on our timeout here. Now in addition, I'll also accept a mode prop in this question timer component because I wanna set this mode prop here as a class name simply for styling purposes, therefore. Because I prepared the index CSS file such that if we set answered answered as a mode here, the progress bar will receive a different color, which I simply want to use to show the user that something changed. And therefore, in the question component on question timer, I'll now set this mode prop to my answer state, since that will be answered or correct or wrong. With that, if we save this, if I reload, if I pick an answer, you see the color changed, but we still seem to be facing some problems here. For example, I still switched to a different question thereafter unexpectedly, and the color of the progress bar changes, but you also see the progress bar does not update here. So, there seem to be some problems here. And one problem simply is that we don't reset the interval whenever the timeout changes. And therefore this interval is not in line with the new timer and the new max value of the progress bar. The easiest way of fixing this, is to again add a key here to question timer and to set this equal to timer, so that when we change the timer value, we destroy and recreate the question timer component and force the interval to be recreated, therefore. Now, the other issue was that we still skipped a question thereafter and that happens because whenever this timer expires in there, we still trigger this on skip answer function. But I only want to trigger this function if no answer was selected. Therefore, here in the question component, we can for example, go down here and check if answer, selected answer is equal to an empty string, which means no answer has been selected. In which case the value for on timeout should indeed be on skip answer. Otherwise, here I want to have null. I don't want to have a value for on timeout, because I don't want to execute any function in that case. If I save this and reload, now I can log in a question, we got new timers expiring and we then move on to the next question and we're now not skipping questions unexpectedly. And now with all of that out of the way, we got a working question component. We can move through those questions, skip questions, give the user some nice feedback regarding which question was selected and whether it's right or wrong. And therefore, the next step now is to make sure that once we moved through all those questions, that we also update that summary screen or that we show some summary screen at the end where we basically just summarize the results and where we tell the user how good or bad they performed in this quiz. So that's what we'll work on next.