In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the Fork-Join framework. OK, so first of all, why do we have to talk about the Fork-Join framework? Fork-Join framework is an implementation of the ExecutorService interface for parallel execution. So we have been talking about parallelization and we came to the conclusion that it is not that straightforward. If we want to implement it from scratch, we have to understand thread scheduling. We have to make sure that the threads are going to wait for each other to finish with the execution and so on. Multi-threading in the main is quite hard because it is extremely hard to debug multi-threaded code. It is extremely hard to make sure that they are not going to be any bugs and so on. This is the same for parallel execution, and this is why the Fork-Join framework is so convenient because we don't have to implement parallelization from scratch. The Fork-Join framework is going to do everything for us. OK, so this is the implementation of the ExecutorService This is exactly what we have discussed in the previous chapters. OK, so the Fork-Join framework has to make an agreed the parallel. And of course, we don't have to deal with low level synchronization and locks. It is a divide and conquer mechanism, which means that we are going to split the original problem into multiple sub problems. We are going to solve these sub problems one by one in a parallel manner. And finally, we are going to combine the sub-solutions. By the way, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous chapter when we have been talking about parallel merge sort, the parallel sum operation and so on. We divided the problems into smaller and smaller sub-problems. We have managed to solve these sub-problems in a parallel manner simultaneously. And then we combined these sub-results. So this is a divide and conquer mechanism. Larger tasks can be divided into smaller ones. And of course, it is crucial that the subtasks have to be independent in order to be executed in parallel. Of course, this is exactly what we have been talking about when dealing with merge sort. The first part of the merge sort operations are independent, of course, after the first operation when we want to merge the sub results. Of course, it is a sequential approach, so this is why we had to wait for all of the threads to finish with the execution. So it is absolutely crucial that we are able to use parallelization for tasks that are independent of each other. So the main concept is that the Fork-Join framework breaks the tasks into smaller subtasks until these subtasks are simple enough to solve without further break ups. Usually, this is when we use the sequential approach. If you recall merge sort, we have used the exact same approach. Whenever the problem is large, we use parallelization and when the problem is small. For example, with parallel merge sort or with parallel maximum finding and so on. OK, so let's talk about the framework related classes and interfaces. First of all, we have a recursive task that is generic, so we have to define the generic type that returns with the generic T type and we have a recursive action. It is a task about without any return value. What's crucial that all the tasks we want to execute in parallel is a subclass of these recursive tasks. We have to override that compute method that will return the solution of the sub problem. So this is exactly what we are going to use if we have a problem that we want to execute in parallel. Then we have to extend the recursive task. OK, and then we have the Fork-Join pool. Essentially, it is a thread pool for executing Fork-Join tasks. And finally, let's talk about work stealing, which is an extremely powerful concept behind the Fork-Join framework. First of all, we have to state that a task is not equivalent to a thread So whenever we create a recursive task or a recursive action, we are not going to assign these tasks to independent threads. So it is absolutely crucial that a task is not equivalent to a thread. Tasks are so-called lightweight threads so Fork-Join will be efficient even when they are a huge number of tasks because this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures. If we are using a huge number of threads in our application, it is going to be extremely slow because switching between the context of threads is rather expensive. The central processing unit has to store the variables and the state of the given thread before switching to another thread. So this is why usually it is not a good idea to use a large amount of threads. But here we are dealing with Fork-Join framework because task is not equivalent to a thread We can use a large amount of tasks without any problem. So Fork-Join pool creates a fixed number of threads. Usually, the number of threads is equal to the number of CPU related processor cores and threads are executing the tasks. But if a threat has no task, it can steal a task from more busy threads. So tasks are distributed to all threads in the underlying thread pool. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures that this is called load balancing. So for joint framework can handle the problem of load balancing quite efficiently, which means that if a task is finished, which means that it has no task, then it can steal a task from more busy threads. This is how we will achieve load balancing with Fork-Join framework. And of course, this is the main advantage of the Fork-Join framework. Implementing load balancing algorithms is extremely hard to do. So this is why if we use the Fork-Join framework, then everything is going to be handled automatically under the hood. OK, so we will have two crucial operations fork and join. Of course, this is why the framework name is Fork-Join framework. So the fork is going to split the given task into smaller and smaller sub tasks that can be executed in a parallel manner. So we have the original problem. If we call the fork method, then the original problem will be split it into two sub problems the left child and the right child accordingly. If we call the fork method on the left child, then the given sub problem will be split it into other such problems the left child and the right child accordingly. If we call the join in the method, then the splitter tasks are being executed and after all of them are finished, they are going to be merged into a single result. So the left and the right child will be merged into a sub solution and then the left and the right child of the original problem will be merged into the final result. So first, we keep splitting the problem into smaller and smaller problems. We solve these problems in the parallel manner and then we keep merging the results into the final solution. This is why it is scored divide and conquer mechanism because if you are familiar to divide and conquer approaches, it is essentially the same. OK, so this is what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.