In this lecture, we are going to take a look at a very, very simple example how to use the Fork-Join framework. So when we are dealing with the Fork-Join framework, they are three extremely crucial methods. Fork, join and invoke- the fork asynchronously executes the given tasks in the pool we can call it when using recursive task or we are using recursive action. This is what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that the crucial difference is that if we want to return a given value, then we have to use recursive task and we have to define the generic type. We are going to return. And of course, if we do not want to return anything, then we have to use recursive action. Instead, the joint method returns the results of the computation when it is finished and the invoke is going to execute the given tasks. It is going to wait and then it returns with the result whenever the thread finishes with the execution. So the crucial difference is that fork and join is asynchronous, while on the other hand the invoke method is going to wait for the given processes to be finished. Okay, so first of all, let's create a new class. Right click, new class, Simple recursive action. This is going to be the name of the class. And of course, if we want to execute it with the help of the four joint framework, we have to make sure that it either extends recursive task or recursive action because we don't want to return any value. This is why we use a recursive action. So let's import java.util.concurrent.RecursiveAction, which means that we have to add the unimplemented compute method. Okay. So first of all, we define a field variable private integer simulated work. Then we define the constructor simple recursive action with the simulated work. And what do we have to do? This simulated work is equal to the simulated work. If we save it, then it is going to work just fine. And in the compute method, what do we have to do? We want to make sure that if the task is too large, then we split it and execute the tasks in parallel. And otherwise, if the task is too small, then we can execute it with the help of a sequential approach. So what do we have to do? Of course we have to check that if simulated work is larger than 100, in this case, we are going to split the original task into two independent subtasks tasks. So first of all, just for demonstration purposes, we print out that parallel execution and split the tasks, and then we have to instantiate a new simple recursive action. So what do we have to do? We have the action1 which is a new, simple recursive action, and in the constructor we have to define simulated work divided by two. And of course we have to do something very, very similar for action2. By the way, this is what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that with the help of the fork, we can split the original task into smaller subtasks. And finally, with the help of the join, we can join the sub results until we get the final solution we are looking for. Okay, so here we have managed to split the original problem into two sub problems. As you can see, the simulated work is equal to the simulated work divided by two. So we are going to split the original task into two halves and of course after that we can call action1.fork() and of course we can call the same method on the second action as well. So what does it mean exactly? It arranges to asynchronously execute this task in the threadpool. The current task is running in so if we call the fork, then it means that these simple recursive actions can be executed with the help of the threads that are present in the Fork-Join pool. So this is exactly what we are going to do that we create a Fork-Join pool where we have to define that, how many threads we are going to use. Of course we are going to deal with the same number of threads as the number of available processors in our machine. And of course the Fork-Join pool will create a fixed number of threads and these threads are going to execute the given tasks. So because this simple recursive. action is a recursive action. It means that these tasks can be executed with the threads that are present in the Fork-Join pool. And this is exactly what we are doing here with the help of the fork method. We notify the Fork-Join pool to execute these operations. But of course this is what we have been talking about a few minutes earlier that the fork method asynchronously executes the given tasks. So what's crucial that we have to notify these tasks to finish execution so we can call the join method. And this is how we make sure that the given actions are going to be executed. So I will join on the second action. By the way, these are the actions. These are going to be executed in different threads. By the way, we can do something like this, but usually we can use invoke all and this is how we can start action one and action two. So if we take a look at the documentation, as you can see, this method forks the given tasks, which means that the action1 and action2 these actions will be inserted into the pool. So these actions will be executed by different threads in a parallel manner. But what's crucial that this invoke all method returns when is done holds for each task. So essentially this invoke all method is going to wait for these actions to finish execution. The fork method on the other hand, starts the tasks asynchronously. We are going to take a look at several examples and we will come to the conclusion that usually we use the fork method combined with the join method. For example, when we are waiting for a given calculations during merge sort for example. Okay. In this case it is quite a simple task and we want to wait for both of the actions to be executed. Okay. So if the simulated work is large enough, then we split the work into two halves and these are going to be executed by two independent threads in a parallel manner. And else we know for certain that the task is small enough to be executed by the actual thread, which means that there is no need to split the task further into two halves and insert them into the pool. So in this case, just for demonstration purposes, I point out that the task is rather small, so sequential execution is fine. And then just for demonstration purposes, I print out the size of the task, which is the simulated work itself. Okay, So that's all about the recursive action. And let's take a look at the main method. First of all, we have to instantiate the Fork-Join pool. This is going to be the pool which is equals to a new Fork-Join pool. And by the way, you can take a look at the documentation as well. So as you can see, this is the executor service related implementation. This is what we have been talking about in the theoretical section. Okay, So this is how we can execute the given tasks. And as you can see, we have the work stealing feature of this Fork-Join pool, which is quite efficient. And by the way, we can check the constructor. So as you can see, we can define an integer parameter that is the level of parallelism. First of all, let's import the java.util.concurrent Fork-Join pool. As you can see, it creates a Fork-Join pool with parallelism equal to the available process source. So there is no need to define that. We would like to use as many threads as the number of available processors because this is going to be the default value. So we can get the run time, get runtime and available process source and if we print it out. So. System.out.println. On my machine there are 16 processor cores, which means that 16 threads can be executed in parallel. So four join by default is going to use 16 threads because 16 threads can be executed in a parallel manner. At the same time, then we create a simple recursive action, which is the action itself is a new, simple recursive action. This is going to be the root node of this tree like structure. So we create the root node and if necessary, the algorithm keeps splitting the original problem into smaller and smaller sub problems, like here and here. We have to define the default value, which is just for demonstration 200, and then we can call action.invoke. And this invoke method is going to perform the given task and waiting for the completion if necessary. And by the way, it. Can return given the value in this case, we are not returning with any values. So if we save and run the application, then as you can see, 200 is going to be splitted into two halves. This is why we will end up with a chunk with value 100 and another chunk with value 100. Of course, if we use a smaller value, then this value is small enough, so it is not going to be split into two halves. If we use, for example, 800, we save and rerun the application, then as you can see, these values will be split up into 100 values. So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven and eight. Eight times 100 is equals to 800, which is the default value. So essentially we have managed to split the original task into smaller and smaller subtasks until we came to the conclusion that the task is small enough to be executed sequentially. So this is the sequential execution and this is the parallel execution when we keep splitting the problem into two halves and then we keep executing these actions in a parallel manner, which means that we insert these actions into the threat pool. And the threat pool contains as many threads as the number of available processors, and these threads are going to be executed in parallel. By the way, you can test that if we use action1 and action2 fork So this is when we insert the given tasks and actions into the thread pool and then we wait for them to finish with the execution, then the result is going to be the same. So if we save and rerun the application, then as you can see, the original 800 value has been split into 400 and 400 The 400 values are split into 200 values and then the 200 values are split into 100 values. And we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven and eight. Eight times 100 is equals to 800, which is the starting value. So as you can see, again, it is working fine, but we use the invokeAll method on the actions and this is how we make sure that these actions will be executed by different threads. And this invoke all method is going to wait for them to finish with the execution. Okay, so that's all about the recursive action. When we do not return any values, of course, usually we would like to return values from different tasks. So this is why we have to talk about recursive tasks. Thanks for watching.