In the previous lecture, we have been talking about how to handle recursive action when we want to split a given task into smaller and smaller subtasks. But we do not want to return with any values. But of course, usually in real world applications we do want to return a given value. Okay, so this is why instead of recursive action, we can extend recursive task and we have to define that what value we want to return. Of course, in this case, just for demonstration purposes, we would like to return with integers. So the problem we are going to implement is that we want to double the original value. So we are going to use a large number and if the value is large enough, then we create two independent threads. And finally, when these sub values are small enough, then we double these values and we return these sub results to the previous call. And this is how we can double the original value. Okay, so this is what we want to do. Okay. So in this case, the compute method returns with an integer, of course, because the recursive task defines that we are going to use an integer. So first of all, we have the private integer number. We will get this number from the constructor. So we have integer num and we set the number to be the number. And in the compute method we can check that if this number is large. So just for demonstration purposes it is larger than 100. Then we use parallel ization and we split the problem into two sub problems. So first of all, we print out that it is parallel execution. So we split the original task and we print out the number. Then we instantiate a simple recursive task for the first task and we define the number divide by two. And then we create another simple recursive task. Task two as a new, simple recursive task with the number divided by two. So this is what we are talking about in the theoretical section that first we are going to split the tasks into smaller and smaller subtasks. And finally we are going to merge the sub results until we get the final solution. Of course, we have to start these tasks in the sense that we have to add these tasks to the thread pool. So independent threads are going to execute these tasks in a parallel manner. So what do we have to do? task1.fork() And we have to fork the second task as well, and then we have to wait for these tasks to be finished. So we have to wait for the thread pool to return the values for the tasks. So we define an integer sub solution which is equal to zero, and we increment the sub solution by the result of the first task. So the join is going to wait for the first task to be executed by a distinct thread in the thread pool in a parallel manner. And if we call the join method then essentially we will wait for that given operation to return with a given value. So this is going to be an integer and we increment the sub solution by this value. And of course we have to return with the task to join as well and we increment the sub solution as well. And of course finally we return with the sub solution. It means that at the beginning we keep splitting the original tasks into smaller and smaller subtasks and then we are going to wait for those tasks to be finished. So the Fork-Join pool is going to execute the given operations in parallel and it is going to return with the values. And this is why we have to wait for the first sub result as well as the other sub result, to be able to sum up the values and return to the previous layer. And as we know for certain that the problem is too small. So we can use sequential approach. So essentially we are going to return with two times the number. So we double the value because of course the aim of this algorithm is to double the original value. So when the value is large, then we keep splitting the problem into smaller and smaller sub problems. And of course we execute these sub problems in a parallel manner with independent threads. Of course we have to wait for these threads to return with a given value. So essentially this is where we return the values. And here we return. the sub solutions. So this is what we wait with the help of the joint method. And here we sum up these values and else we know for certain that the problem is too small. So we are not using any parallelization. We are not going to split the tasks into smaller and smaller subtasks anymore, but we return with the double value. And just for demonstration purposes, we print out that the task is too small. We can execute it sequentially and I append the number. Okay, so what do we have to do? Again, we have to create Fork-Join pool as the pool which is equals to a new Fork-Join pool. By default, the Java is going to create as many threads as the number of available processors. Okay, so let's import Fork-Join pool. Then we have to create a simple recursive task as the task, for example, with value 50 and then we print out. So System.out.println. End the pool.invoke() with the task. So if we do something like this, we save and run the application. Then of course the task is too small. We can execute it sequentially. So the input has been doubled successfully. As you can see, the input is 50 and we double the value, so we end up with 100. What if we use 200? If we save and run the algorithm? In this case, 200 is greater than 100, which means that we are going to split the problem into two sub problems. So this is why we have to solve problems, as you can see, both with value 100 and then this problem is small enough to be executed in a sequential manner. So we double 100, we double the other 100, and we sum up the values. So this is why we end up with 400. So the input is 200, the result is 400. If you run the algorithm with a large integer, 10,000, for example, then of course it may happen that we get the wrong result. So two times 10,000 should be 20,000, but we end up with a different value. And the answer has something to do with integer division. So when we divide the number by two, for example, if we divide 15 by two, essentially it is integer division. So we end up with 7 instead of 7.5. So if we want to solve this problem, then instead of integers we should deal with doubles. So we have double and then we have double here. I guess when we sum up the sub solutions, then we have to use double as well. So I guess if we save and we run the application, then it is going to work fine. So as you can see, the algorithm is working fine. We can split the original problem into smaller and smaller sub problems until the problem is small enough to be executed in a sequential manner. And as you can see, we use fork in combination with join. So whenever we start the given tasks and then we wait for these tasks to be finished with the join method, that's all about this very, very simple example when we want to return with a given value. Thanks for watching.