In the previous lectures, we have been talking about how to calculate the N-th Fibonacci number, and this is the solution. So essentially we know for certain that when N is smaller or equals than one, then we return with N. Otherwise, we split the problem into smaller and smaller sub problems essentially. So this is why we create a Fibonacci task with n-1 and another Fibonacci task with n-2 Then we forge these tasks, which means that these are going to be distinct threads and these are going to be executed by the Fork-Join pool. And finally, we can wait for these operations to be finished. And this is why we call the joint method on the first Fibonacci task and on the second Fibonacci task. And of course we sum up the values. This is going to work fine. So if we test and we try to find the 25th Fibonacci number, then if we save and run the application that it is 75,025, this is indeed the 25th Fibonacci number. But usually we don't use this approach. So let's take a look at the problem itself. Let's assume that we have a given problem. In this case, we are dealing with one dimensional array of integers, for example, and this array is manipulated by a given thread So this is t1, this is the actual thread And usually when dealing with the Fork-Join framework, when the problem is large enough, then we split the problem into to solve problems. And of course these sub problems will be executed by distinct threads. So we have the first thread, which is the actual thread. Then we call the fork two times. This is exactly what's happening here. When we call fork two times, it means that under the hood we are going to execute these two tasks independently with independent threads. So this is exactly what's happening. We have another thread, t2 and we have the third thread. t3 So there are three threads involved in this procedure and you may guess that we can make some optimization because essentially the first thread is waiting for the other threads to finish with the executions. So what can be the solution? The solution can be that instead of creating two independent threads, we are going to execute one of the sub problems with the actual thread. So as you can see, we have t1 here as well and of course we create an independent thread for the other sub problem because of course the other sub problem must be calculated as well. But in this case there are just two threads involved. So this is how we can reduce the actual thread instead of creating two threads, we just have to create a single thread and the other swap problem can be calculated with the help of the actual thread. Otherwise the first thread would be idle in the sense that it is waiting for the other threads to finish with the computations. Okay, so instead of forking on the first Fibonacci task, we are going to fork on the second Fibonacci task, which means that we have to call the join method because of course we want to get back a given value. So this is going to return the result of the sub problem. But instead of calling the join method on the first Fibonacci task, we are going to call compute directly. So essentially we call this compute method on the first Fibonacci task. What does it mean that essentially the actual thread is going to execute the first Fibonacci task, which means calling the compute method. So this is why we call the compute method. So the actual thread executes the fib1 and we create another thread and we inserted into the pool associated with fib2. So this is how we can optimize the number of threads instead of the actual thread. Waiting for two threads to finish with the execution, the actual thread is going to calculate the first Fibonacci task. And of course we have to create a distinct thread for the second Fibonacci task. So this is how usually we use Fork-Join framework in real world applications that we reduce the actual thread. So we call the compute method directly with the actual thread and we create another distinct thread for the second task. Okay, so that's all about the optimization. Thanks for watching.