In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about how to implement the maximum finding algorithm with the help of the Fork-Join framework. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's create a class for sequential max finding. Of course, this is going to be the sequential approach how to find the maximum item. By the way, this is the so called linear search with O(N) linear running time complexity. So this is the algorithm we need. If we do not know the location of the item we are looking for. So we have a public we are going to deal with long values. We have the maximum, we have a one dimensional array of long. This is the numbers and basically that's all what we need. So what do we have to do? We have to define maximum. This is going to be the first item of the data structure, in this case, one dimensional array. Then we have to start i is equals to zero. Of course not, because we have already considered the first item. So we start with index one i is less than the nums.length and of course ++i So we are going to consider every single item of the data structure and we store a reference to the maximum. So if number with index i is greater than the maximum, then of course we re initialize the maximum to be number with index i - and of course finally we return with the maximum item. So this is the sequential linear search algorithm that's going to find the maximum item in linear running time complexity. If the underlying data structure is sorted, then we can do better. We can use binary search and we can achieve. O(logN) logarithmic running time complexity. In this case, we assume that the underlying one dimensional array is unsorted. Okay, so that's all about the sequential maximum finding. Okay, let's talk about the parallel implementation. So right click create a new class parallel maximum finding related task. So parallel max task, of course it will extend so extends the recursive task. And of course we are dealing with long values. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to import java.util.concurrent recursive task. And of course we have to add the unimplemented compute method. And because we have defined long as the type, this is why the return value is long. So what do we have to do? We have a private, one dimensional array of long values. We have to store a reference to the low index and we have to store a reference to the high index, which means that we are dealing with one dimensional array of integers in this case. But of course we are dealing with longs just for demonstration purposes I use integers. In this case the low index and the high index is going to define the first item and the last item in the interval we would like to deal with. So if we are dealing with the whole one dimensional array, then the low index is the first item. The high index is the last item. If we are dealing with a sub array like this four, five and six, then low index will point to four, high index will point to six. And of course these variables are tracking the indices. So the index of this value is zero one, two and three. The index of six is zero one, two, three, four and five. So these are indices, of course, and of course, these are going to be integer indices. Okay. So if we define the constructor, we will get the one dimensional array of numbers, We will get the low index and we will get the high index. And what do we have to do? this.nums is equal to the nums this.lowIndex is equal to the low index. this.highIndex is equal to the high index and in the compute method, first of all, we have to make sure that if the array is rather small, then we use the standard sequential approach. So what do we have to deal with? How to measure the size of the underlying array? Of course, if we use the high index, so high index minus the low index and it is smaller than, for example, a thousand, it means that we are going to deal with one dimensional arrays that contains less than 1000 items. In this case, we are going to use the sequential maximum finding and of course we have to return with this sequential maximum finding. So let's create this method that's going. You return with the long. So what do we have to do? What's crucial that this sequential maximum finding method is going to find the maximum item within a given sub interval. So, for example, we start with a one dimensional array of integers and of course we keep splitting the original array into smaller and smaller subarrays. So for example, we have splitted the original array into two sub arrays one, two, three and four, five, six. So essentially in the sequential maximum finding, we are going to find the maximum within a given sub array, starting with the low index. And the last item is the high index So we assume that the maximum item is the first item of the interval. So this is the nums with the low index. Then we consider all the items except for the first one because we have already considered the first item. So integer i is equal to the low index plus one, while i is smaller than the high index. And of course in every single iteration we increment i by one. And of course we have to make a simple maximum finding algorithm. So if nums with index i is greater than the maximum, then we re initialize the maximum to be the numbers with index i. And of course finally we have to return with the maximum So this is how we find the maximum item within the range low index up to the high index. And as what do we have to do? Of course we have to apply, we have to use parallelisation. So first of all we have to calculate the middle index integer. Middle index is equal to the high index, plus the low index, and we have to divide it by two. Then we have to split the problem into two sub problems. So we have the task one which is equal to a parallel maximum task. And what do we have to define? We have to define the one dimensional array of numbers and the low index and the high index. So we use the low index and the middle index. This is going to be the left half of the one dimensional array. And of course we have to use the second task with all the numbers and we start with the middle index plus one up to the high index. So we have the high index like this. So this is what we have been talking about earlier, that the original one dimensional array will be split into a left sub array and the right sub array, and we keep splitting the problem into smaller and smaller sub problems until we come to the conclusion that these sub problems are quite easy to solve with sequential approaches. And then what do we have to do? We have to merge the sub results until we find the final solution. Okay, so this is exactly what's happening here. And what do we have to do? We have a method invoke all and we can define task one and task two. So in this case, what's going to happen as you can see it forks  the given tasks, returning when is done holds for each task or an unchecked exception is encountered. So it is crucial that this is how we will execute these tasks in a parallel manner. So with the help of the Fork-Join pool, with the help of the threads we are going to create, we are going to execute these problems. And finally we can return with math.max As far as task.join() is concerned. And of course we have to join on the second task as well. So what does it mean? This is how we return the result of the computation when it is done. So we are going to execute the tasks one by one in a parallel manner, and then we are going to return with the value. Essentially, this is going to be the maximum within a given interval, because when we are dealing with parallelization, this is the standard approach that we keep splitting the problem into smaller and smaller sub problems until the problem is small enough to be handled by sequential approach. So in this case, when the number of items are smaller than 1000 or 5000, you can play around with these parameters. We are using sequential maximum finding algorithm in order to find the maximum within the given interval between the low index and the high index. Okay. So in the next lecture, we are going to compare the running time of the sequential maximum finding algorithm and the parallel maximum finding algorithm. Thanks for watching.