In the previous lecture, we have implemented the sequential maximum finding and the parallel maximum finding algorithm. And in this lecture we are going to test what is the faster approach. So first of all, let's create a private static. It is going to return with a one dimensional array of longs, for example, create numbers. Okay, so we have a method like this. We instantiate a new random number generator. So let's import java.util.random. We define the number of items we would like to generate and then we create a one dimensional array of long. These are going to be the numbers. It is equal to a new long for n items and then we iterate through i is equal to zero. i is less than the nums.length and ++i and we keep generating a random number so we have the random next integer within the range zero and for example a thousand. And then of course we have to return with the one dimensional array of long values. So this is how we generate a one dimensional array of items. Okay, so what do we have to do? First of all, we have the one dimensional array of numbers. It is equals to the create numbers method and we generate 300 million items. So we have 300 million items. Okay. And then what do we have to do? First, we have to define the number of threads. So number of threads in the Fork-Join pool, which is equals to runtime get runtime available processors So we create the Fork-Join pool. We have the pool is equals to a Fork-Join pool. And instead of creating this variable, we can use something like this directly. So if we use something like this, it is going to work just fine. So let's import java.util.concurrent Fork-Join pool. Then we have to instantiate the sequential max. Finding as sequential is equals to a new sequential maximum finding. Then we have to create a start, which is the system current time, milliseconds. This is the actual time. Then we have to print out, system out and println that the maximum and we append the sequential dot maximum. As far as the nums one dimensional array is concerned. And then we print out system out and print on that time and we append the system current time in millis minus the start. So this is how we can measure the running time of the sequential approach. And we have to do approximately the same with the parallel approach. So we re initialize the start to be the actual time. Then we instantiate the parallel maximum task for the one dimensional array, starting with the first item up to the last item. And of course, sorry for that. We have to make sure that we start the timer after instantiating the parallel maximum task. So this is when we re initialize start to be the actual time and the maximum is equal to the pool dot invoke. And of course we have to execute the parallel maximum task in a parallel manner with the help of the Fork-Join pool with as many threads as the number of available processors. And of course after that we can print out the time taken for the parallel approach to finish with the execution. If we want to find the maximum out of 300 million items. And as you can see, the sequential approach is faster. What if we would like to find a maximum item If we are dealing with 500 million items in this case, we can come to the conclusion that the parallel approach is faster than the sequential approach. But what's crucial that we can tune our algorithm with the help of this threshold. So in this case we are going to consider sub arrays containing up to 1000 items. What if we are dealing with sub arrays containing 3000 items? If we rerun the application, then maybe we can make our parallel algorithm even faster, as you can see. Or what if we are dealing with 5000 items? Okay, so if we save and rerun the application, then I guess we are going to get a bit better. So as you can see, we can tune our parallel algorithm. And of course the conclusion is that sequential approach is sometimes faster than the parallel approach we have. To make sure that we are dealing with an extremely huge amount of items. And of course, we can define that. How many items to consider when dealing with the sequential approach. Okay. So that's all about parallel maximum funding algorithm. Thanks for watching.