In this lecture, we are going to talk about the sequential merge sort and the parallel merge sort with the help of the Fork-Join framework. So first of all, let's create a class for sequential merge sort We have sequential merge sort. And of course, we have already implemented sequential merge sort. You can download this implementation at the last chapter of this course. So we have a one dimensional array of integers. This is what we get with the help of the constructor and this is the merged sort operation. If the number of items in the one dimensional array is smaller or equal to one. This is when we return because if an array contains just a single item, it is sorted by default. Otherwise, we split the array into a left summary and right summary and we call the same method recursively. This is a typical divide and conquer approach. And of course, after we call the merge sort on the left subarray and the merge sort on the right subarray, we are going to merge the given arrays. So this is the sequential approach. This cannot be parallelized because of course, we have to wait for the left subarray to be sorted, as well as the right subarray to be sorted. OK, so this is the merge operation when we merge the left subarray and the right subarray into the original array, that's going to contain the sorted order for these subarrays. OK, so this is the sequential approach and let's see the parallel approach. So we have to create right click new class. The Merge sort task. And because we don't want to return with any real use, this is why it is going to be recursive action. So instead of a recursive task, we are going to use a recursive action. And of course, we have to order the unimplemented compute method. So what do we have to do? We have to create a private one dimensional array of integer. This is an instance variable. And of course, we will get it with the help of the constructor. So we get an integer a one dimensional array. The numbers and this.nums is equals to the nums First of all, let's copy the sequential merge sort related merge sort as well as the merge, because this is exactly what we are going to use in a parallel manner. So what do we have to do? First of all, we are going to check that if the number's one dimensional array contains less than or equal to one items. It means that the underlying one dimensional array is sorted by default, so we are going to return. Otherwise, we calculated the middle index. OK, and what do we have to do? First, we have to calculate the left sub array and the right sub array, and then we have to create this merge sort task as usual. This is what we have been talking about in the previous lectures. We have a merged sort of task. Of course, we have to define the left subarray and we have to define the right subarray accordingly. So we have task1 and we have task2. After that, we have to execute these operations in a parallel manner. So this is why we have invoke all on task1 and task2, which means that it forks the given tasks returning when isDone holds for each task. OK, so after that, what do we have to do? This is the merge sort operation. I am going to get rid of this. And of course, finally we have to call merge. So after the invokeAll the method we call merge with left right and the numbers. So again, we are going to split the original problem into smaller and smaller sub problems. So this is exactly what's happening here. We are splitting the original problem into two sub problems. And of course, if the sub problem is small enough, then we are going to return. And sorry for that, I made a mistake. Of course, if the underlying one dimensional arrays size is less than, for example, 10, this is when we will apply the sequential merge sort so sequential merge sort if necessary. So before returning, we are going to call the Merge sort. So this is the sequential merge sort. So what do we have to do? We have to copy this sequential merge sort like this. So this is going to be the sequential merge sort that we have to call whenever the number of items is smaller than 10. So we have the private void merge sort and this is what we are going to call here. OK, so this is the basic approach we are going. to execute the tasks in parallel, we are going to split the original tasks into smaller and smaller sub tasks, and we are going to execute these operations in parallel until we come to the conclusion that the underlying one dimensional array is small enough to be executed with the sequential merge sort. OK, so in the next lecture, we are going to measure the running time difference between the sequential sort and parallel merge sort. Thanks for watching.