In the previous lecture, we have been talking about the sequential sort and parallel sort implementation. So we have been talking about the base case, which means that whenever we come to the conclusion that the number of items in the one dimensional array is smaller or equal to ten, this is when we will use sequential merge sort instead of parallel merge sort. Okay. So let's compare the running time of these approaches. First of all, we have to define a private. It is going to return with a one dimensional array of integers, the create numbers. And of course we have to define the number of items we would like to store. So first of all, let's instantiate a new random. Of course we have to import Java dot two random and of course we have to create a one dimensional array of numbers, new integer for as many items as the parameter PN. And then we have to iterate through integer, i.e. zero is less than the nums dot length plus plus i. And what do we have to do? We have to generate a new random so next integer within the range, for example zero and 10,000 just for demonstration purposes. So we are going to store randomly generated integers. And of course, finally we have to return with this one dimensional array of integers. Okay. And then what do we have to do? First of all, we have to create the numbers. So create numbers and we are going to generate, for example, 100 million items. Sorry for that. We have to make sure that this method is static because we are calling from the static main method. Then we have to instantiate the sequential merge sort as new sequential merge sort and we have to define this one dimensional array of integers. Then we have to measure the start, which is the actual time in milliseconds. Then we have to call sequential dot merge sort as far as the one dimensional array of integers are concerned. And then we print out that the time taken and the actual time minus the start time in many seconds. So this is how we can measure the running time of the sequential algorithm. Then what do we have to do? We have to create a four join pool. This is the pool as a new four join pool and we have to get the run time and we have to get the available processor cores. So let's import the java dot util concurrent for join pool. What do we have to do? We have to instantiate the merge sort task as the parallel is a new merge sort task. And of course we have to define the one dimensional array of integers. Then we have to re initialize the start to be the actual time and then we have to call pool dot invoke with which we are going to start to execute the parallel merge sort with the help of multiple threads and with the help of several independent processors. And finally we print out that time taken and we print out the actual time minus start in milliseconds. Okay, so this is the sequential system out and print alam that sequential sort. And we have to print out that system out and print the land parallel sort something like this. So if we save and run the algorithm, then let's consider the sequential sort. Let's wait for Java to finish with the execution. It may take several seconds on my machine. So as you can see, it is approximately 13 seconds and it is just approximately 4 seconds with parallel sort. Of course, after the sequential merge sort, if we print out system out and print and the nums one dimensional array, so we have arrays to string. As far as the numbers are concerned, of course we have to import Java .2. arrays. So if we do something like this, then after the sequential sort is done, then of course this one dimensional array will be sorted. That's going to be the input for the merge sort. So as you can see, it is sorted. We have zeros, then we have the value seven and so on. So what do we have to do if we want to make sure that we are going to deal with the same input values, then we have to create the four cycle for integer zero. I is less than nums one. Length plus plus eye and an arms to index eye is the same as numbs one index eye. Okay, so what do we have to do? We have to make sure that we have the number two as a new one dimensional array of integers, something like this. And of course, I am not going to print out the array. But here we are going to sort the nums one, and we are going to use the nums two for parallel execution. Okay, so both arrays contain the same values, but of course we want to set the first array for sequential sort and the second array for the parallel merge sort. So if we save and run the application, then this is going to be the perfect comparison of sequential sort and parallel. Mercer Because we are going to use the exact same values. Okay. So let's wait for sequential sort. The sequential sort takes approximately 12 seconds to finish, while on the other hand, the parallel sort takes 4 seconds to finish. So as you can see, the parallel merge sort is approximately three times faster than the sequential implementation. Again, we can come to the conclusion that if we use just 100 items, then of course the sequential sort will be faster because there is no need for the central processing unit to handle the multiple threads. And of course it is quite expensive. So this is why sequential sort is faster on small arrays. But if we are dealing with a large array such as containing 100 million items, then the parallel algorithm will be faster. Thanks for watching.