In this lecture we are going to talk about the homework generic solution. First of all, let's create an interface for the algorithm. So we have an algorithm. For example it is going to have a single public void execute method because we are going to execute given algorithms. And of course we have the given classes implementing this interface. So for example we have a search algorithm that implements. So implements the algorithm interface which means that search algorithm is an algorithm. Of course we have to add the unimplemented method. And here just for demonstration purposes I print line that running the search algorithm. Then of course we have to create several very very similar classes. First of all for the sorting algorithm. So sorting algorithm implements the algorithm Rhythm interface again. So let's save it. And of course we have to add the unimplemented execute method. So here we print out so system out print line that running the sorting algorithm. And of course we have a final class for the graph algorithm. So we are going to create a new class for the graph algorithm. It implements again the algorithm interface. So what do we have to do. We have to override and add the unimplemented execute method. So just for demonstration purposes again we print that running graph algorithms okay. So that's all about the algorithm interface. And we are going to have several algorithms graph algorithms search algorithms and sorting algorithms. So let's create the library class itself. So we have a library. And of course, we have to make sure that this library is going to handle algorithms, whether it is a graph algorithm, a search algorithm, or a sorting algorithm. So what's crucial that somehow we should be able to construct the library that's able to handle the classes implementing the algorithm interface. And this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous section. When dealing with generics. Then we can use something like T extends algorithm interface. So this is exactly how we make sure that this library is going to handle classes extending the algorithm interface. And now we are able to instantiate a new list with t type. These are going to be the algorithms as far as the public constructor is concerned. So library we just instantiate the algorithms as a new ArrayList. So something like this. Okay. Of course, we have to import the java.util.arraylist. So let's import Java.util.arraylist. And of course we have to import Java.util.list as the interface. This is the interface. And this is the concrete implementation. ArrayList is going to use a very very simple one dimensional array in order to store the given generic items. Extending the algorithm interface. So we are going to have a public void Ord method that's going to take the algorithm as a generic type. And what do we have to do. We just have to insert it to the ArrayList. So odd to the algorithms ArrayList. So we ordered a given algorithm. And then we will have a method public t type get lost item or just get lost. It is going to return the last item we have added to the array list data structure. So what do we have to check? First of all, if the algorithm's data structure size is smaller or equals to zero, then we return with a null because it means that there are no items in the algorithm's array list. So basically the size is smaller or equal than zero okay. And else what do we have to do. We have to get the actual item with the help of the algorithms as the list. And we have to remove. And the index is going to be the algorithm's size minus one because indices starts with zero. So this remove method removes the element at the specified position. And algorithms dot size is the number of items in the data structure minus one. Because indices starts with zero, this is how we remove the last item from the data structure. So essentially it removes and returns the last item. So after that we just have to return with the actual item okay. So that's all about the library class. And we can right click and create a new application class. And we will need the public static void main method. So we just have to instantiate a new library. Of course we have to define the type we are going to store algorithms. So it's going to be the library as a new library something like this okay. So we are able to insert so odd a new search algorithm. I'm going to copy and paste it several times because we are going to insert a new sorting algorithm and the new graph algorithm. So basically we have managed to achieve our goal that because of the algorithm interface, we make sure that both the graph algorithms implements the algorithm search algorithm, implements the algorithm and sorting algorithm implements the algorithm. And this is why in the library we just have to define that the library is going to store items extending the algorithm interface. So this is why we can use something like this, that it is going to be a library with algorithm type okay. And after that we have to define the algorithm item is equals to the library get lost item. And while this item is not equals to a null, first of all, why do we have to check whether it is a null or not? If you may recall the library implementation, if the algorithm size is smaller or equal than zero, what does it mean that there is no further items in the array list data structure we return with a null. So while the item is not equals to a null. What do we have to do? First of all, we have to execute the given item, and then we overwrite the item to be the library and get lost item. So we get the next item from the library. So if I save and run it, then running the graph algorithm, running the sorting algorithm, and running the search algorithm, we have managed to achieve our goal to store different algorithms. So different types. Basically it is a graph algorithm but it implements the algorithm interface. It is a search algorithm but it implements the algorithm interface. It is a sorting algorithm but it implements the algorithm interface. So this is why we can use bounded type parameters. We are going to deal with types extending the algorithm interface. And this is why we are able to end up with a generic solution. So this is how we can implement a generic library for storing different types of algorithms. Thanks for watching.