In the previous lecture. We have been talking about grouping by and in this lecture we are going to focus on partitioning by. These operations are very similar to each other, but the purpose is different. So grouping by groups elements by a classifier function, returning any type of key. On the other hand, partitioning by divides items into exactly two groups with true and false values using a predicate. So what's crucial that the key type is always boolean, whether it is true or false when dealing with partitioning by. So it is not that flexible because it is very specific with exactly two buckets whether the predicate is true or false. So let's take a look at a concrete example. In the previous lectures we have been talking about grouping by and in this lecture we will use collect of course, but instead of collectors grouping by we will use partitioning by. And here we have to define a predicate. A predicate is a lambda expression or a method reference that takes an input and returns a Boolean value. So for example, we can define that the person p and we can get the h parameter. And let's create a line break. And here we can define whether this value is smaller than for example 40. This is a typical predicate. So as you can see it returns a map as well exactly as we have seen with grouping by. But the key value is always a boolean value, whether the predicate is true or false. Let's save and run the application because it's going to be straightforward. How it works exactly if we see the result. So if we have this predicate that the person related age is smaller than 40, then under the hood Java considers all the person objects. And if the age parameter is smaller than the predefined value, which is 40, Then it belongs to the true set. As you can see, Adam, Kevin and Joe, these are the person objects where the h parameter is smaller than 40, and there is the other set containing Daniel and Anna, where the h parameter is not smaller than 40. So this is exactly what we have been talking about, that the partitioning by method always returns with two buckets a true bucket and a false bucket. By the way, we can define whatever predicate we want. For example, we would like to make sure that the get department is equals to it. If we create a predicate like this and we rerun the application, then of course, as you may guess there's going to be two buckets. Again we have Kevin and Anna with value two. What does it mean that these person objects have department it. So essentially the department equals to it. And there are Adam, Daniel and Joe. These are the person objects where the department do not match it. Or for example, we can define that whether the get name dot length is smaller than five. What does it mean that there's going to be two buckets in the result set? There are the person objects where the name contains less than five characters, such as Adam, Anna, and Joe, and there are Kevin and Daniel in the other bucket, which means that the number of characters are larger or equals to five. And by the way, we can use downstream operators as well, exactly as we have seen with grouping by. So for example, we have collectors mapping. And I would like to get the name exclusively and I would like to create collectors to list. So what does it mean that in the two result sets instead of defining the person objects with all the field parameters such as name, age, and department. I just want to show the names exclusively so the values are list of strings instead of list of person objects. So if I save and rerun the application, then as you can see we have Kevin, Daniel, Adam, Anna and Joe as strings. So instead of dealing with person objects we called the mapping method. And this is how we customize that within a given bucket. What's going to be the values that we are storing. And in this case we store strings that are the names of the given person objects. Just to summarize again, it is very similar to grouping by. The crucial difference is that partitioning by always returns with a boolean value for the key type, which means that there are two buckets. There are two groups no matter what. So this is why partitioning by has a very specific use case. So that's all about grouping by and partitioning by. Thanks for watching.