In this lecture, we are going to talk about several topics associated with streams. So first of all, what if we would like to get the maximum value within a given array list or a given stream? Or we are looking for the minimum value, or we are looking for the total sum of the integer values and so on. Okay. So the first problem we want to solve is that we would like to calculate that how many books we are dealing with all together. So the total number of books and we can get it quite easily, we can print our system out and print first we have to transform the books into a stream as usual, and essentially we just have to call the count method. This count method returns the count of elements in the stream. Essentially, there is another approach. In order to do exactly the same, we are going to talk about it within a few minutes. If we use count, then it is going to return with the total number of books I guess. Seven. Yeah, there are one, two, three, four, five, six, seven books in this array list. Okay, so this is how we can get the total number of books. Then if we have a list of integers, one, two, three and four, then how to get the maximum and the minimum values. We can transform this list into a stream as usual, and then we can call the reduce method as a terminal operation. And then we just have to reference integer maximum method. But what's crucial that it is going to return with a so called optional and of course the value it contains is an integer. So this is the result itself. So you may pose the question that what is this optional? First of all, let's import java utils optional and we can check the documentation. It is a container object which may or may not contain a nominal value. If a value is present, then the present method will return true and get will return the value. By the way, it is quite convenient because we do not want to get a null pointer exception because of course, what if this array list is empty? Then of course the stream is not going to contain any item, so there is no maximum item at all. And we will get another pointer exception if we want to deal with that given value. So this is why optional is so convenient, because here we get the maximum and then we can print out system out and println the result does not get. So the get method is going to get the value. If a value is present in the optional, otherwise it throws a no such element exception. So just for demonstration purposes, we can print out the maximum value or by the way, we can print out the minimum value. It is going to work fine. What's crucial that usually we can use the if present method and if the given item is present, then we can call the print, learn the method. So essentially this is a lambda expression again, and there is no need for the System.out.println because this is where we print out the value. So if we save and run, then as you can see, the minimum value is one. So usually we don't deal with options like this. We can do it on the fly in the sense that we reduce and we are looking for the minimum. And if it is present then we call system out and we reference the print method. Okay, so this is how we can print out the minimum value. And if we are looking for the maximum, then we reference the maximum value. Okay. So what's crucial that in this case reduce is going to return with an optional and as you can see this, if present method returns with the value, if the value is available, otherwise it does nothing. Okay. So it is extremely convenient. So what if we would like to get the maximum number of pages? We don't care about the book itself. We are looking for the largest value associated with the page attribute. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to transform books into a stream as usual. Then we have to call the map method because instead of book objects, we would like to select just a single feature, essentially the number of pages. So what do we have to do? We have book and we reference the get pages method. Then we can call reduce and we are looking for integer maximum and then we can use the exact same. Because if we do something like this, then we return with an optional and we have to call the get method. But we can do something like this. If present, then we would like to print out So system out and we reference the print method. So if we save and run the algorithm, then of course the largest value is 860. Okay, so this is the book with the largest number of pages value. What if we would like to get the book? So we want to get the longest book. So instead of an integer, we would like to get a book itself. So first of all, we have to get the books. We have to generate a stream of that given list of books. Okay, then we have to call reduce. And here we have to reference two books. The first book B one, the second book B two. And of course, if we want to get pages, is larger than B to get pages, then we return with the B one, otherwise we return with B two. So essentially this is the logic we have to tell Java to know how to decide what item to return. And of course we are looking for the longest book, so the book with the largest pages value. So this is why we return with B one. If B one get pages is larger than B to get pages. Otherwise we return with the B two because we know that the page is value is larger for B two. Okay? And of course we get an optional book. This is the longest book. Okay, so we have the longest and then we have the longest if present, then we system out and we reference the print along the method. So the longest book has 860 pages, and as you can see, it is about ancient Rome with type history and 860 as the number of pages. Okay. And finally, what if we would like to sum all the pages of all books? So what do we have to do? We will end up with the total pages, which is equals to books. First of all, we have to transform it into a stream. Then we have to call the map method and we are after the pages variable. And then we would like to call the sum method. But of course we are not able to call the sum method because we are dealing with a stream of integers. So somehow we have to transform the stream of integers into an integer stream essentially. So a list of integers. Okay, so what do we have to do? Instead of map, we can call map to integer. And as you can see, it returns an integer stream consisting of the results of applying the given function to the items of this stream. So essentially, if we do something like this, then we end up with an integer stream. We can import java util stream related integer stream, and then we can call the sum method without any problem. Of course, this is going to be an integer OC so we can print the total number of pages. So if we do something like this, we save and run the algorithm. Then 3615 this is the total number of pages if we sum up these values. And of course, a good question is that if we have an integer stream, so we have an integer stream, as is it possible to convert the integer stream back to a stream of integers? And the answer is yes. We can call the box the method. The box method returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream. So if we use something like this, then it is going to be a stream of integers again. So this is double as just for demonstration purposes and it is going to work just fine. And by the way, we can use map to integer, we can use MAP to double and we can use map to long when we are dealing with doubles or loans accordingly. Okay. In this case, of course, we are dealing with integers, so we have to use map to end. And this is how we can understand what we have been talking about at the beginning of this lecture that essentially the count method is the same as map to long. We are going to map every single item to one and then we call the sum method. So what is it mean that if we have, for example, the books, we have the book one, we have book two, we have book three, we have book four just for demonstration purposes. With the help of this map to integer or map to long, we can use whatever method we prefer. We are going to transform every single item to have value one. And after that, if we call the sum method, essentially we are going to sum up one values as many one will use as the number of items. So we end up with the number of items in the original collection. So this is why the count method is essentially the same as map to long operation and then the sum method. Okay. So these are very, very important operations when dealing with streams. Thanks for watching.