In one of the previous lectures, we have been talking about the optional, and we came to the conclusion that it is extremely convenient because sometimes we have to deal with the null value and essentially we cannot get rid of null values with the help of optional. So in this case, we are going to talk about how to find the maximum number of pages. Essentially, we have to transform the books ArrayList into a stream that we can use map to integer, because we know for certain that it is going to be integer values that we are dealing with. And of course, we have to specify that we are dealing with the pages column. So get pages. We are dealing with the integer values. And finally, we can call the maximum method. Of course, if we use just a map, then of course we are not able to use the maximum method because Java doesn't know whether we are dealing with the title, the author, the number of pages or the type. If we define that, this is going to be mapped to integer and we are dealing with the number of pages. So we know for certain that the number of pages will be integer values. Then of course we can calculate the maximum without any problem, and this maximum is going to return with an optional int, as you can see, because Java knows that it is an integer, it is not going to return with an optional but with an optional integer. This is going to be the result. So we have to import java util optional int and of course again we can print out the result and we can get the value get as integer. If a value is present in this optional int, then java will returns that given value. Otherwise it throws a no such element exception. So this is why instead of the get method, usually we use the or else method and with the help of the or else method, we can define a value if the result doesn't exist. Okay. So if we take a look at the documentation, then we can come to the conclusion that the OR method returns the value if present. Otherwise return order we can define in this case zero. So if there is a maximum value available, then we get that given the value as we get zero as the default value. OC So if we save and run the application, then of course we get 860 as the maximum number of pages associated with a given book. Okay. So this is how we can deal with integer options, of course, because we can map to doubles instead of integers. This is why we can deal with optional double as well. And of course we have to import the Java utility optional double. And finally we can deal with double long if we are dealing with long values. So if we use MAP to long, then we will end up with an optional long. So these are the three options we have. Okay. So let's make sure that we are dealing with integers because of course the number of pages are defined as integers, so it is going to work just fine as you can see. Thanks for watching.