In this lecture, we are going to talk about the old match and non match methods. So first of all, with the help of the oil match method, we can test whether a given predicate matches all the elements or not. Okay, so let's take a look at a concrete example. We will have a boolean result value. And first we transform the box into a stream and then we can call the all match method. It returns whether all elements of this stream match the provided predicate or not. So what does it mean that, for example, we have a book and given a book, get pages is larger than 2000 or not. Of course, we know for certain that there is no book with larger than 860 number of pages. So essentially the result is going to be force. So system out and print the end result. If we do something like this, we save and run the application, then we get false. So essentially under the WHO, the Java has checked every single entry and it came to the conclusion that every single value is smaller than 2000. So this is why the result is false. None of the books has higher page number value than 2000. We can define the so called non match method, which is the opposite of the oil match method. Okay, so I copy and paste because it is going to be very similar. Here we are dealing with result two and instead of all match we check non match, which means that Java is going to check that none of the entries has page number value larger than 2000. And of course it is true because this is the opposite operation of all match. Okay. So for example, if we check whether the page numbers are larger than 100, then what's going to happen? Java is going to check the first value, the first book, and it comes to the conclusion that the number of pages is equal to 560, which is larger than 100. So it is going to return false immediately. So this is the so called short circuiting we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures that some operations don't need to process the whole stream to produce the result. There is no need for Java to consider all the other books because it knows for certain that it has to return false because the first book has a number of pages larger than 100. Okay, so this is a typical optimization behind the Java streams. Then we can check whether an arbitrary item is present in the data set or not with the find any method. So we have the books dot stream, we transform the collection into a stream and we filter the result set. For example, we are looking for books where the book type is equal to type dot fiction. Then we call the find any method and finally we can call the F present method. So if there is a result, then we can print out so system out and we reference the print line method. So if we save and run the application, then of course there is not going to be any books with type fiction. Of course there is no books with fiction type. What if we have the type, for example, history, because of course we have history related books. This is why Java is going to find an arbitrary item. It may be the first item or it may be the second item. It doesn't matter. It is going to return with an arbitrary item. By the way, this is going to be crucial in parallelism. If we want to get the first item, then we can call the find first method and it is going to return with the first item. Java is going to consider the items one by one. And if it comes to the conclusion that there is a book with type history, it is going to return that given the book. So this is exactly what's happening with find first, by the way, find any is going to be approximately the same when we are using sequential approach. But if we are using parallel ization then it is crucial to use find any instead of find first. Why? Because, for example, if we have a large one dimensional array of integers and for example we are looking for the maximum item, then we can use parallel ization, which means that under the hood. Java is going to split the array into two sub arrays, for example. One, two, three, four, five, and the second subquery with six, seven, eight and nine. And of course, we find the maximum in both of the sub arrays in a parallel manner. So simultaneously and if we use the find first method, then Java is not able to use parallel ization because of course we are looking for the first occurrence of a book with type history. So no matter that we find the solution in the second array. Of course we have to check the first array as well because we are looking for the first item. If we use find any, then we can use parallel ization because it doesn't matter whether we are looking for an element in the first sub array or the second subquery, We don't care. We are looking for an element that matches that given lambda expression. Okay. So it is crucial that find first when we are using sequential approach, but if we are using parallel ization then we have to use find any OC. So in the next lectures we are going to talk about parallel ization. Thanks for watching.