In this lecture, we are going to take a look at a very, very simple example for parallel computing. And by the way, ization is quite easy with Streams API, we just have to call the parallel method. But what's extremely crucial that it is not guaranteed that there's going to be some parallel algorithms under the hood because we have to make sure that the given stream can be paralyzed. So this is what we have been talking about, for example, in the previous lecture, that if we use the find first instead of find any, then Java is not able to use parallel ization because it is inherently a sequential approach because we are looking for the first possible item. Okay. So it is crucial that despite the fact that we call the parallel method, it is not guaranteed that the algorithm is going to be executed in parallel. And by the way, under the hood, the fork joint framework is used. Okay, So let's create a private static. It's going to return with a long for example, some method we define a long PN, which means that we are going to sum up all the values up to PN. So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, up to PN. And we are going to sum up all these values. So what do we have to do? We can create a long stream dart range closed and of course one up to PN. So the first value is one up to PN and let's import Java dot long stream. And of course we have to call reduce with zero as the initial value and of course we sum up these values. Okay, so this is how we sum up all the integer values within the range one up to PN. And of course the parallel version is quite simple. Parallel sum is going to generate a long stream within the range one up to PN. But before calling the reduced method we have to call parallel. So this is how we make a given algorithm parallel with the help of the parallel method call. And essentially that's all. So first of all, we define now as system that current time in millis, then we print out, so system out and println the sequential sum and we define a huge number. I guess it is 1 billion. So 1000 million. Yeah. And then I would like to print out that time taken with sequential approach and we append the system dot actual time. So current time in the middle is minus the start time. And let's rename this variable to start. And of course first we calculate this operation and then we append the result to the string. Okay, So that's all about the sequential approach. And I copy and paste because essentially we have to do the same. So we initialize the start time we call the parallel sum instead of the sequential sum on the same input and time taken parallel. And then we print out the actual time minus the start time. So this is the time taken for the parallel algorithm. If we save and run the approach, then as you can see, the parallel approach is way faster than the sequential approach and the result is the same. So this is the sum of the first 1 billion integers. Okay? If we use 2 billion integers, then let's save and we run the application. Then as you can see again, the parallel approach is going to be approximately five times faster than the sequential approach. And it is quite easy because we just have to call the parallel method on the given stream and Java is going to execute the operations in parallel if possible. So it is extremely crucial that we have to make sure that the given stream can be paralyzed. But if we design these streams in an efficient manner, which means that we can use parallel ization, then it is going to be faster so we can achieve four times or five times faster running times. Okay, That's all about this very simple example. Thanks for watching.