So finally, in this lecture, we are going to talk about the difference between parallel streams and sequential streams. So we are going to handle prime numbers. So this is why, first of all, let's implement a public static boolean is prime method that's going to get the number and it is going to return a Boolean value, whether the given number is a prime or not. So first of all is the number is smaller or equals to one. Then we return false because the numbers smaller or equals to one are not prime numbers. Then we can check that if the number is equal to two, we return true because two is the smallest prime number. And of course if the number modulo two is equal to zero, what does it mean that the number can be divided by two without remainder? So the remainder is equal to zero. It means that the given number is even. Of course, even numbers are not prime numbers. So we return false and otherwise there is a rule that we can check the numbers in the range and and the square root of n to check whether the given number is prime or not. Sorry for that, starting with zero up to the square root of. And if we want to decide whether the number PN is a prime number or not. So first of all, we have to define a max divisor is equals to the square function. As far as the number is concerned, of course we have to cast it to a long and after that we have to iterate integer I is equals to zero. Then I is less than the max divisor. And of course we have to use plus plus I. But basically we don't have to consider even numbers. So first of all, we can start with three and instead of plus plus I we can plus equals to two. So we are going to consider three, then five, then seven, then nine. Of course, we don't have to consider four, six, eight, because these are even numbers. And we know for certain that even numbers are not prime numbers. OC We have to check that if the number so the num sorry for that modulo operator as far as the counter is concerned is equal to zero. What does it mean that the number can be divided by the counter? Sorry for that. It is I and here we can use max divisor like this. So if it is zero so we can divide the number by I without a remainder, then we know for certain that it is not a prime number and otherwise we know that it is a prime number. So that's all about the prime function. So let's test the algorithm with sequential stream and then with parallel stream. Okay. So first of all, we get the current time is equals to the system that current time in the Mills OC, then we create integer stream that range from two up to the integer max value divide by 100. So we are going to generate a huge amount of integer values. You can search for integer max value in Java, and this is the maximum value. We are going to divide it by 100. So basically we are going to generate 21 million integers. So within the range two and 21 million. And what do we want to do? We would like to filter whether these values are prime numbers or not. So we can call the application is prime method. And then what do we have to do? We have to count these values. So basically what's going to happen that we are going to use a sequential stream, we are going to generate a huge amount of integers and we are going to check whether these integers are prime numbers or not, and then we are going to count the prime numbers. So we are going to count if the prime method returns true, of course it is going to be the number of primes. Okay, so what do we have to do? First of all, we have to use system out println time taken is equals to the system. Dot current time in the middle is. Minus the current time. So this is how we are going to measure the number of milliseconds taken for calculating the number of prime numbers with sequential streams. Before that, I'm going to print out System.out.println. Number of primes is equals to the number of primes. By the way, when we check whether a given number is prime number or not, then of course, first we have to calculate the square root of that given value. But of course we have to consider that value as well. So we have to make sure that I is less than or equals to the maximum divisor. Okay, So this is crucial to consider that value as well. Okay. So that's all about the sequential stream. And we are going to do approximately the same with parallel streams. First of all, I'm going to reset the current time. Then we will have the number of primes and what's crucial that we can use parallel ization with the help of this parallel keyword. So if you hover your mouth over the parallel, then returns an equivalent stream that is parallel. In this case, we are going to transform sequential stream into a parallel stream, and then we are going to do the same operation. We are going to count the number of prime numbers as far as integers are concerned, within the range two up to 21 million. So this is what we are going to do. But instead of sequential stream, we are going to use a parallel stream. After that, we print out the number of primes parallel and number of primes with sequential OC time taken with parallel and time taken with sequential approach. So if we save and run this algorithm, it is going to take minutes to finish with the calculations. But anyways, let's run the algorithm. As far as the sequential approach is concerned, it takes 16000 milliseconds to finish with the calculation. As you can see, it found 1 million and approximately 300,000 prime numbers. OC This number is the same with sequential and with parallel approach, of course. But as you can see, if we take a look at the time taken, then we can come to the conclusion that using the parallel approach is going to be a way faster, 16000 milliseconds with sequential streams and only approximately 2000 milliseconds with parallel ization. So we are able to achieve eight times faster algorithm with parallel streams than with sequential streams. So this is why it is quite powerful to use parallel ization and basically it is quite easy to do so because we are able to transform a sequential stream into a parallel stream. We just have to call the parallel method and it is going to return with a parallel stream. So this is how we can use parallel ization with Java Stream API. Thanks for watching.