In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to use Java streams with strings and characters. So, for example, I'm going to create a one dimensional array for names, so let's create several names Adam, Daniel, Martha, Kevin, Ben, Joe, Brad and Susan. Finally again, we can use streams, for example, to print out the names. So again, what do we have to do? First of all, we can convert these names one dimensional array into a stream. So let's import java util stream. And of course we can iterate through. So for example, for each as far as the system out and method reference print is concerned. So if we use something like this, of course we have to import stream, save and run it. Of course we can print out the names Adam, Daniel, Martha, Kevin, Banjo, Brad and Susan. So we iterate through this one dimensional array with a for each and we print out the values on a one by one basis. Then of course we can use intermediate operations such as sorted. If we use the sorted method, then of course Java is going to sort the names in alphabetical order. Adam, Ben, Brad, Daniel, Joe, Kevin, Martha and Susan. It is going to be the alphabetical order. Of course, you may pose the question that what if we would like to sort the names in reverse order? So in descending order then we just have to use comparator reverse order. Okay, let's import comparator. It is going to be just fine. Let's save and run it. As you can see, it is going to be the alphabetical order, but in descending order. Susan, Martha, Kevin, Joe, Danielle, Brad, Ben and Adam. So this is how we can use the sort as an intermediate operation. As you can see, it is going to return with a stream. I don't want to repeat myself over and over again, but intermediate operations return a stream such as filtering and sorting. Okay. Instead of sorting, we can use filtering again and we can check whether the X as the name, whether it is starts with a given character such as, for example, whether it is starts with letter B. So we are going to filter these values and we are going to print out the names. That starts with letter B, So if I save and run it, then of course the names are going to be printed out. That starts with letter B, Of course we can use A for example. So if I save and run it, then Adam is going to be printed out. So this is how we can construct a stream out of a one dimensional array of strings. This is how we can filter and sort the data set. And of course, finally, this is how we can print out all the values. Okay, so this is how we can use streams with a one dimensional array of strings. In the next lecture, we are going to take a look at how to handle files because it is extremely convenient to handle files with the help of Java streams. Thanks for watching.