In this lecture, we are going to talk about the fundamental differences between collections and streams. So let's take a look at collections. Collections are essentially data structures in the memory. For example, an array list, a long list, a binary heap, a red black tree, a binary search tree. These are standard data structures in order to store data in the memory. What's extremely crucial that collections need the entire data in advance. Every element in the collection must be computed before it can be ordered to the collection. So this is a fundamental feature of collections that we have the entire data set from which we are going to build the underlying data structure. Of course, this is exactly why it takes more time to handle a collection than a stream, because we need all the data, all the items that we are going to be stored in the given collection. On the other hand, streams provide interfaces to data structures representing a sequenced set of values like, for example, video frames being streamed over the Internet. Streams are fixed data structures whose elements are computed on demand. This is why streams are essentially lazy collections. So it is absolutely crucial that the items of a given stream are going to be computed on demand in a lazy manner, which means that no matter that how many intermediate operations we are going to execute, such as filtering, sorting, mapping and so on, these operations are not going to be executed immediately. These are going to be executed right before the terminal operation. And by the way, we are going to talk about it, that this is exactly how Java is going to optimize the streams, and this is why streams are way faster than standard collections. Okay. So the items are computed on demand in a lazy manner. This is why streams are way faster. So for example, if we want to fetch all the prime numbers, then if we are using collections, for example a standard array list, then calculating all these prime numbers takes infinite time because we have to consider all of the prime numbers one by one. So essentially we are going to end up with an infinite for loop. On the other hand, if we are using streams, then finding all the prime numbers can be done easily because the items are calculated when needed. This is what we have been talking about that the items in a given stream are going to be computed on demand. So we are not going to compute these values immediately, but we are going to compute them on demand in a lazy manner. So this is why it is possible to find all the prime numbers with streams. And by the way, a given collection can be traversed as many times as we want, while on the other hand a stream can be traversed only once. So, for example, if we have an array list of strings Adam and and Kevin, these are the names, then we can call the Stream method. And the stream method is going to return with a stream of strings. This is how we transform a collection into a stream, essentially. And then we can use the for each method that's going to consider every single item and prints these items one by one. Of course, if we save and run the algorithm, then we will get Adam and Kevin. But what if we would like to reduce the same stream? So if we use the name stream again with an additional for each operation, then let's see what's going to happen. As you can see, there is an illegal state exception. Stream has already been operated upon or closed, so this is extremely crucial that we are not able to use a given stream multiple times. Of course, you may guess that if we use something like this, then it is going to work fine. But essentially we are going to create a stream every time we call the stream method. So this is a unique stream, this is another independent stream and so on. Okay, So these are the fundamental differences between collections and streams. Thanks for watching.