In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about how to deal with streams and custom objects. So this is why let's create a new Java class for the type and let's create a Java class for a book. So we are going to deal with a large number of books. And of course, every single book has a private string author. Every single book has a string title. Of course, every single book has a integer number of pages, and every single book has a given type. So the type is going to be an enum. So it is not a clause, but an enum. It can be a novel, it can be a fiction. It can be related to history, thriller or philosophy. Okay, So these are going to be the possible types. Okay. And then we have to generate so right click source, generate the constructor using the fields. We will have the author, the title, the number of pages and the type itself. And then let's generate the getters and setters. So right click source generate getters and setters for the author pages, title and the type. And after that, let's generate the two strings. So right click. Then we have source and generate the string method with the author, title pages and type. Okay, so that's all about the custom object we are going to handle. And in the application, the Java class, instead of dealing with the list of strings, we are going to deal with the list of books. So these are going to be the books. You can download the source code at the last chapter of this course, and you don't have to type it manually because I have already created our data set. First of all, we have a philosophy related book, then we have a novel, the trial, then we have the book. We title Death on the Nile. Then we have a history book on ancient Greece, then another history book on ancient Rome. Then we have a novel from Herman Brock, and finally we have a novel from our commune. Okay, so we can transform this ArrayList into a stream. We just have to call the stream method. And just for demonstration purposes, let's print out the values so we have the system that out, and we can reference the print lambda method. So this is the method reference. If we save and we run the application, then of course we have these books. Okay, so these are the books we are dealing with. What if we are after all the books with type novel, What do we have to do? Essentially, this is why we have the filter method. We would like to make sure that the type is equal to novel. So what do we have to use? We have to use a lambda expression. So T, which is the book and we get the type. And if it is equal to type dot novel, this is what we are going to keep. And of course, finally we have a terminal operation we can collect and we have the collectors dot to list. So what does it mean that we are going to collect the results set into a list? Okay, so this is a typical lambda expression. So under the hood, Java is going to consider every single book one by one t references the book itself, so maybe it is better to use B just to make sure that we have the book itself. And if book get type is equal to type novel, this is what we want to keep. Essentially, there's going to be three items in the results set. First, we have the trial, then we have Death of Virgil and finally the Stranger. So the result is going to be the list of books. And what do we have to do? We have the system that out println arrays to string and we have to use the result dot to array OC. So if we do something like this, then we can print out the content of the results set. So if we save and run the application, then as you can see, the result contains the trial. Then we have death of Virgil and finally we have the stranger. So essentially Java has selected books where the type is equal to type novel. What if we want to sort these items based on the title or. He's the one, the author. First of all, let's use the result. Let's convert it into a stream and then we can iterate through every single item. And we have to reference the print line method with the help of the double column operator. So it is going to be a bit better because we have every single book in a single row. Okay, so we have three items in the result set. And what if we would like to sort the result based on the author or based on the title? We can use multiple intermediate operations. So this is why we can use the DART sorted. It is going to work fine. What's crucial that we can tell Java that based on what parameter we would like to sort the underlying results set. So we have the comparator comparator that comparing and we would like to use the get out there method from the book clause. And of course we have to import the Java util comparator. So as you can see, this is how we notify Java that we would like to sort the results set based on the authors. So if we save and rerun the application, by the way, we can switch the title and the author. The first parameter is for the title, The second parameter is for the author. So if we save and rerun the application, then we have the author and the title accordingly. So as you can see, the data set is sorted based on the author. We have all the company as the first item, then we have the second item and the last item. If we want to sort the data set based on the title, then what do we have to do? We have get title and it is going to be just fine. The results that is sorted based on the title. And of course if we want to sort the based on the number of pages, then of course we can use something like this. And as you can see, the books are sorted in an ascending order based on the number of pages. What's crucial that we can use the so called map method as an intermediate operation and let's see what's going to be the result. So first of all, we use a filter, then we use sorted and with the help of the map method, we can apply a given function to the items of the stream. And usually we use a map when we want to change the type of the results. So far as you can see, we are dealing with books, so the input of the algorithm is a list of books and essentially the result set is a list of books as well. But what if, instead of every single feature of a given book, we just want to return with a single feature? For example, we would like to get the title exclusively. We can reference book and we reference the get out there method. And if we do something like this, of course we have to use the dot operator and of course there's going to be a mismatch because as you can see, with the help of the map method, we can transform the result into a list of strings instead of dealing with books. Because we use the map method on the authors. Essentially, we are going to get a list of strings because of course the author is a string within the book clause. So if we do something like this, we save and run the algorithm, then we get the names accordingly. Of course, if we want to get the titles, then of course we have to reference the get title method and we get the titles. So essentially the books are going to be sorted based on the number of pages, but instead of dealing with the books, with all the features, we are going to deal with the titles exclusively. And finally, we are going to put these items into a list. Okay, So that's all about the most common operations. By the way, we are going to talk about more complicated examples and we are going to understand exactly how to use these operations. Thanks for watching.