In this lecture, we are going to talk about the crucial differences between external iteration and internal iteration. So first of all, let's consider external iteration with collections. So let's assume that we would like to consider every single book in the array list, and we would like to get the title associated with every single book. So what do we have to do? We create a list of strings. These are going to be the titles as a new array list. Of course, then we have to iterate through book, book books. So we consider every single book in the books array list, and then we add them to the titles array list. So we order the book and we get the title. This is called external iteration, and under the hood, Java is going to use an iterator. So what's going to happen is that there's going to be an iterator. Of course it is going to consider a box. So we have iterator of books. This is going to be the iterator. It is equal to the books, the iterator. So this is how we can get the iterator associated with a given collection. Of course, we have to import the java that util iterator and essentially there is going to be a wild loop. So while the iterator has next, so there is a next item. So essentially there is a next book in the array list. What's going to happen? We are going to order the iterator next item and of course we get the title of that given book. So while there is a next item, we consider that next item and we get the title. So this is how we consider all the items one by one. And what is the problem with this approach? The problem is that in every single iteration we pose the question whether is there another item available or not. This is the has next method. So if we take a look at the documentation, it returns true If the iteration has more elements and then we get the next element with the help of the next method. So essentially it is an inherently sequential approach because we keep getting the items one by one another approach that it may happen that, for example, we have items, we have the item one, we have item two, we have item three, and item four. Let's assume that item two and item four are located right next to each other in the memory. But of course we don't care about these memory locations because we get the next item in every iteration. So we get the first item, then the second item, then the third item, and finally the last item. Despite the fact that the second item and the last item are located right next to each other, which means that it would be faster to access the lost item right after the second item because they are located right next to each other in the memory. Okay, So these kinds of optimizations are not going to be handled with external iteration. And what's crucial that no parallel ization. So this is an inherently sequential approach. Let's take a look at the stream API related, so called internal iteration. So what we are going to do is that we create a list. This is going to be the titles to just for demonstration purposes. We have the books, we transform it into a stream. Then of course we map book titles, so we get title. So what does it mean that instead of dealing with books, we would like to deal with the titles, so essentially strings and then we collect collectors dot to list. Okay. And of course we can iterate through titles to for each and then we print out or system out and print land the given items. Okay? So if we save and run the application, then of course we will get the titles associated with every single book. And of course this is going to be the same with iteration. But the crucial difference is that with internal iteration, first of all, it may happen that the items that are located right next to each other in the memory are going to be handled right after each other because it is going to be faster. So it does matter whether the items are located far away from each other or they are located right next to each other. This is exactly why we like one dimensional arrays, because in one dimensional arrays, the items are located right next to each. Shudder in the memory, which means that accessing these items is going to be extremely fast. So these kinds of optimizations are going to be handled by internal iteration. And what's extremely crucial that we can make this algorithm parallel quite easily. OC We are going to talk about parallel ization in the coming lectures, and we will come to the conclusion that using parallel streams is quite easy. OC So these are the optimizations that make stream API extremely fast. This is called internal iteration that is way faster than external iteration when dealing with collections. OC So stream API is faster than the standard approach. Thanks for watching.