In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to handle file processing with the help of Java streams. So first of all, we are going to create a new file. So right click, new file, the file name is going to be names. Okay. And here we can define the content of the file. For example, I'm going to use names. Adam, Kevin, Joe, Susan, Martha, Bill, Danielle, Michael. And that's all about the content of the names. Let's right click the file properties and we can search for the location of that given file. So I'm going to copy the location. And here, for example, we can use the path as a string and I'm going to paste it. So this is the location of the names file. Then we can use Java streams in order to access that given file. So we can use files, dot lines. As you can see, it is going to read all lines from a file as a stream. So this is what we are going to use and we can define the path dot get and here we can define the path itself. So if we import Java file files, of course we have to handle IO exception. So the main method is going to throws Iowa exception. First of all, let's run whether it is going to be fine or not. Okay, We are able to access the file without any errors and then what do we have to do? It is going to be a stream of strings. So we have the string and it is going to be the names stream OC. Of course we have to import java util stream and then we are able to use names stream for example for each and we have to use system out and the method reference for print alarm. So this is what we are going to use. And if I save and run the application, we are able to get all the names on a line by line basis. So as you can see, it is extremely convenient to use streams in order to process files. Of course we can do better. For example, I'm going to create a list of strings for names. First of all, we have to import the Java hue to that list and what we have to do instead of for each. We are going to call the collect method and we can define the collectors dot to list. So this is how we are going to transform the stream of strings into a list of strings. So it is going to perform a mutable reduction of the elements of the stream. So basically it is going to be a terminal operation on the stream and the result is going to be a list of strings. So again, we can use the names for each system out, double column operator, print LAN. So if we save and run it, then it is going to work just fine. Of course, again, we can use filter. So basically intermediate operations AX going to start with and we have to define, for example, the letter A, of course we have to do it here. So before collecting the items into a list, we can use the filter operation. So if we use something like this, then we are going to get the name starting with letter A, We can get, for example, the name starting with Capital S, So if we rerun the algorithm that Susan is going to be printed out and for example, I'm going to use another name just for demonstration purposes, that's going to start with a capital S, So these are going to be the result. So what's crucial that we are able to process files with the help of streams quite easily. So this is why the Java Stream API is extremely convenient to use. So that's all about handling files. In the next lecture we are going to talk about custom objects and then finally we are going to talk about how to use parallel ization. Thanks for watching.