In the previous lecture, we have been talking about how to transform the book ArrayList into a stream, how to use the filter method, how to use the map method in order to end up with a stream of strings, essentially. As for the titles, then we have used the limit method because we are after the two longest books with more than 500 pages. And of course, finally we collect the results set into a list. And in this lecture we are going to understand what's happening exactly under the hood when we use the filter and the map methods. So we are going to talk about the so called short circuiting and loop fusion. So these are the fundamental principles that make streams extremely efficient. So first of all, let's separate these operations. We have the filter, we have map, we have a limit and we have collect here. When doing a filtering, let's use something like this. And of course, first we return with P that get pages larger than 500. So this is the first operation we want to do. And of course, just for demonstration purposes, let's print out that filtering and we append p dot get title just for demonstration purposes. Okay, so this is the first operation and we do exactly the same with mapping. So we use B and then the arrow operator, then we print out that mapping with B dot get title and of course we have to return with B that get title because we would like to transform the stream of books into a stream of strings with the titles accordingly. So if we do something like this, we don't want to print out the values. Finally, we are curious what's happening exactly under the hood. So if we save and run the operations, first of all, we have a filtering, then we have a mapping, then filter, filter, filter, filter, and finally mapping. So there are two crucial features. First of all, we see that there are filtering and mapping operations essentially at the same time. So despite the fact that we call the filter method, we may think that first Java is going to filter every single item one by one, and then Java is going to map every single item one by one. As you can see, multiple operations are merge within a same pass. So this is called loop fusion that despite the fact that filter and map are different operations, they are merge into the same paths. Okay. So this is the first optimization that Java is going to apply. This is why we have discussed in the previous lectures that essentially streams are lazy collections in the sense that these intermediate operations are not going to be executed immediately. They are going to be executed when we call a terminal operation because the intermediate operations may be optimized. The first optimization technique is loop fusion when different operations are merged into the same path. So despite the fact that we call filter and then we call a map, these operations can be executed in the same pose. And then there is the so called short circuiting, which means that some operations don't need to process the whole stream to produce. The result here, for example, because of the limit method, we are looking for two items. There is no need for Java to consider every single item of the underlying data set. So in this case there is no need for Java to consider every single book one by one, because we are looking for just two items. So the algorithm terminates after finding the two items. So this is why we have just two mapping whenever a Java comes to the conclusion that, okay, we have found the two items we are looking for. The first title is being and time. The second title is Ancient Rome. So these are the first books where the number of pages are larger than 500 and essentially Java is going to terminate. It is not going to consider other elements of the underlying data structure because we are looking for just two items. So this is the so called short circuiting, which means that Java is not going to process the whole stream to produce the result. So these are the two fundamental features of streams. The first one is loop fusion. The second feature is short circuiting. That's going to account why stream API is going to be faster than using standard collections if we are using. Their collections and the standard approach. Essentially, we have to consider every single book. We have to consider whether the number of pages are larger than 500 or not. We have to gather the books with larger than 500 page numbers in a different data structure. And finally, we have to select two items with streams. These operations are going to be executed faster because of loop fusion and short circuiting. Okay. So that's all about the optimization techniques under the hood. Thanks for watching.