In this lecture, we are going to talk about an extremely crucial topic that is the grouping by keyword. So it is very similar to SQL related group by. So it is a collector provided by the collectors clause that allows grouping of items in a stream based on a classifier function like grouping people by age, employees by department, and so on. So we will come to the conclusion that we have to define a classifier, and we can define a downstream operator. The classifier is a function to extract the key. Essentially this is the grouping criterion. And we will come to the conclusion that this grouping by supports downstream collectors, which are operations applied to each group after the grouping has happened. So let's take a look at a concrete example. And this is going to be clear. So if I create a new class Java class for a person. And let's assume that we have several field variables. For example, the string name of the given person. Let's assume that we have an h parameter, and let's assume that every single person belongs to a given department. Of course, it is just for demonstration purposes. I just want to show you that why it is so powerful to use collectors with Java streams. Okay, so I would like to generate the constructor. So public person with the string name. Then we have the integer h. And finally we have the department. And of course we have to set these parameters one by one. So the name and we have the department which is equals to the department. Then we can generate the getters and setters. So right click generate getters and setters for all these field variables. And this is exactly what we need. So this is the person class with three field variables the name, the age and the department. And let's take a look at what we can do. So in the main method we can create the people which is a new ArrayList containing person objects. But it is a bit more convenient to use list of. So first let's import the Java.util.list. And here we can instantiate a new person. The name is Adam, the age is 34 and the department is finance. And then of course we can add other person objects. So just for demonstration purposes I use five person objects. We have for example Kevin. Then we have Daniel. Then we have Anna. And then we have Joe. We have 12 as the age 77, 56 and 31. We have it as the department, then we have age, then we have it again and we have finance again. So what I can do is that I can use this people. Of course I can transform it into a stream. And of course we can use whatever we want. This is exactly what we have discussed in the previous lectures that we can use filter. We can use map, we can use flatMap. But what I want to show you is that we can use collect. The collect method is a terminal operation that collects the results into a given data structure. For example, we can use the collectors to list. Essentially, this is how we put all the person objects into an array list under the hood. But this is not what I want to show you. What I want to show you is that we can use collectors and we can use grouping by. And this is exactly what I want to show you. The grouping by method is waiting for a given function. We can use p that refers to a given person object. And we have the arrow operator. And we have for example get department. So if we do something like this by the way, it is exactly the same as if we use get department. So we can use the method reference approach without any problem. And if I print out so system out and print line the result. So we get the result and we print out the result. And of course I should override the two string method in the person class. So let's override two string. And just for demonstration purposes, I return with this dot name. Plus I concatenate it with this dot h. Okay. And then we can run this Java application. And I hope it works as we expect. First of all what's crucial that as you can see grouping by returns with a map. So essentially a key value pair. And the key of that map is the criteria we define here. We can take a look at the results. And it is quite obvious that the keys are the departments. This is exactly what we have defined. So we have a HR, IT and finance. These are the different departments. And then the values associated with these keys are the person objects belonging to that given department. We have Daniel for a jar for it. There are two person objects. We have Kevin and we have Anna. And this is exactly what we see here. And for finance, we have Adam and Joe because Joe and Adam share the same department that is finance. So as you can see, grouping by returns with a map essentially key value pairs. The keys are exactly what we define with the classifier function. In this case the departments. And we have the value of the given map. That is, a list of person objects associated with that given department. So there are lists containing the person. And by the way we can define the downstream operator. This is exactly what we have discussed earlier that with the help of the downstream collector. We can define other operations applied to each group after the grouping has happened. So for example, I can specify that instead of the list that is the default value, which means that we would like to gather the person objects associated with the departments into an array list. We can specify that I would like to create a set. And if I rerun the application, then we can come to the conclusion that it is very similar. But instead of array lists we are dealing with sets under the hood. And we can define other downstream operators by the way. There are a huge number of possible downstream collectors such as collectors two list. That is the default option. We have two sets. This is exactly what we have discussed. Now we have counting that counts the number of items in each group. So if we use counting, what does it mean that instead of the list of person objects such as Daniel, that is just a single item. Here we have two items N and Kevin. And here we have two items Adam and Joe. Java is going to count the number of objects associated with a given department. So if we save and rerun the application, then we end up with a map where the keys are strings. Essentially the departments and the values are the number of person objects belonging to that department. And as you can see we have h which is equals to one. What does it mean that there is a single person object where the department value is h? What about it? There are two person objects. Kevin and Anna, that belong to the IT department. And it is true for finance. There are two person objects. We have Joe and we have Adam belonging to the finance department. This is exactly what we have discussed earlier, that with the help of the downstream operation, we can apply a given operation to every single group after the grouping has happened. What if I would like to sum up all the h parameters for the person objects that belong to the same department? We can do it without any problem. We have the collectors and here we have the summing integer. And we have to define that what we want to sum up. Of course we would like to sum up all the h parameters. So if I save and rerun the application we can come to the conclusion that h is equals to 77. Why? Let's consider all the person objects belonging to a HR department. There is just a single person, Daniel, with age 77. This is why the value is 77. What about it? There are two person objects belonging to it. Kevin and Anna. So we have to sum up the age parameters accordingly. 12 plus 56 is equals to 68. This is exactly what we get here. And this is true for finance. So this is how we can apply a given operation to a given group. After the grouping has happened. So if we go back to just the standard group by and I rerun the application, then we come to the conclusion that we have the person objects associated with every single department. And you may pose the question that what if we would like to customize that how we represent the person object associated with every single department. For example, we don't want to print out the h parameter. We are just after the names, and this is exactly why we have the mapping function that transforms items before collecting. Okay, so if we use the collectors dot mapping then first of all we have to define that. What is the feature of that given person object that we want to keep. So here we can define collectors dot mapping. And here we can define with the method reference approach that we are after the name. And then we can specify that what is the data structure that we want to end up with. So essentially we would like to gather all the data into a list. But we want to keep the names exclusively. If I save and rerun the application then as you can see instead of person objects. Now we are dealing with list of strings for the values, because instead of a person object, we just keep a single field variable that is the name. This is exactly what we defined here. We use person getname. By the way, whenever we use a method reference approach, we can use this arrow operator without any problem. And this is exactly the same. So if I rerun the application, of course we end up with exactly the same result. Okay. And by the way, instead of a list we can use joining just for demonstration purposes. And we can specify something like that. What does it mean that if there are multiple items associated with the same department, then we can specify how we want to join the results. So if I save and rerun the application, I guess it will be straightforward that instead of a list data structure containing the items one by one. We are dealing with a simple string where the person related name values are concatenated by the delimiter that we specified earlier. Of course, it is not that useful. So let's get back to a simple list. And if I save and rerun the application, then we end up with something like this. And the final step is that what if we would like to sort the keys alphabetically? As you may guess, when we are dealing with hash maps, there is no predefined sorted order for the keys, but we can define the factory method and instead of a hash map we can use a Treemap. Under the hood it is a red black tree and red black trees store the key value pairs in a sorted order based on the key values. And this is exactly what we want. So here we specify the function. Then we specify the downstream operator. And in the middle we can define treemap new. Essentially this is the map factory that we define explicitly. Of course we have to import treemap. And if I save and rerun the application then we can come to the conclusion that. Now the key value pairs are sorted alphabetically based on the key values. By the way, usually we don't want to do something like that, but I just wanted to show you that we can define the map related factories. So we have control over the result, whether the result will be a HashMap or a Treemap. Okay. So that's all about the grouping by. That is an extremely powerful and popular approach in Java streams. Thanks for watching.