In the previous lectures we have been talking about grouping by, and I would like to show you maybe the most complicated streams that we have to handle, and this situation may arise if there is a list of departments. Just for demonstration purposes. So let's assume that a single person may belong to multiple departments. Of course, it means that we have to modify the person class, because instead of a string department, we are dealing with a list of strings as the departments. First of all, we have a list of strings in the constructor with departments, and then in the getter and setter we have the get departments, and whenever we set the departments, First of all, we have to make sure that we use departments and we use the list of string. Okay. So this is exactly how we can create new person objects. And I would like to do the same for all the other person instantiations. So we have just finance for Kevin. Then we have for example I t for Daniel. Then we have packaging and we have it for Anna. And finally we have finance for Joe. And the problem, as you may guess, that what if we would like to count that how many person objects belong to a single department. So it means that first we have to split the departments into finance and IT, for example. And we have to make sure that Adam belongs to multiple departments. Anyways, let's take a look at a concrete example. And this is going to be clear. So what I want to do is that I would like to end up with all the departments such as it, and then a list containing all the person objects belonging to that given department. For example, it has Adam Daniel and it has Anna. Then we have the other department, for example finance and finance has Adam, then it has Kevin and finally has Joe. So this is what we want to end up with. Let's take a look at the naive solution, because I'm sure that you may guess that. Wait, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures that we have to use collectors group by. And here we use person and we reference get departments. So if we do something like this I save and rerun the application. Then we can come to the conclusion that the problem is that the department may include multiple values, for example like this. So what do we have to do. First, we have to split this list of departments into single departments. Essentially the strings packaging, IT, finance, and so on. So what we do is that we create the stream. After that we have to use something like a flatMap. This is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lecture, that if we have, for example, a list that may contain single items, or another list containing multiple items. So essentially nested lists. Then we have to flatten this data structure with the flatMap method. So we have a person and every single person has a department. And of course this is not good because flatMap is waiting for streams and departments returns with a list of objects. So this is why we have to transform it into a stream. But this is not what we want, because we want to make sure that we call the map method again. So we have the dot map. And essentially we consider the single departments and we create a HashMap. The HashMap can contain key value pairs. Of course the keys are the department strings. It is crucial that the string value, not the list that may contain multiple values, but the string value finance it, then finance, then packaging, and so on. And then we would like to make sure that the value is the person object that belongs to that given department. And this is exactly what we do here. Here we have the department that stands for D. So the department is the key and the value is a map. So how to create a map. We can create a new abstract map. And then we can create a simple entry. So what does it mean that if we define the department as the key and the person as the value, then essentially we end up with exactly what we want. We have finance as the key and the value is the person Object. Adam. Then we have the other string department. That is it. And the value associated with that key is Adam again, because Adam is associated with multiple departments. Then we have finance as the key and it is pointing to a value that is a person object. Kevin. Then again we have it. That is the key. And the value is the person object Daniel, that belongs to that department. And after that we can collect it. And let's assume that we collect it into a list. So if we do something like this I save and rerun the application. Then of course we have exactly as we discussed we have finance as the key and value is Adam as the person object. Then we have it and then we have Adam as the object. We have finance. That is Kevin. It t that is Daniel packaging. That is Anna. It that is Anna finance. That is Jo. So we end up with key value pairs, essentially an abstract map with the keys that are the department strings and the values are the person objects. So what do we have to do? Essentially we have to group them because now we have the flattened data structure with multiple of the same values such as finance or it. So this is what we want to collect. And of course we can group by again. But it is again a bit more complicated because now here the input is the output of the previous operation. That is a hash map. This is an entry. So essentially a key value pair. So we get the key. And this is exactly what we use as the function for group by. So essentially we would like to group these values based on the department strings such as finance, IT, IT, packaging, finance and so on. And of course the result is a map of strings. The strings are the departments. So if I save and rerun then we end up with something like this. We have packaging with Anna. We have it, then we have finance. But of course it is a bit confusing because within packaging we have another packaging key. So this is not exactly what we want. So what we can use is the so-called downstream operator. This is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture. We can use mapping with the help of the mapping. We can define how to handle the values that are associated with a given key. And here we can say that we have the pair. We have the pair. Get value. And of course the value is a person object. And we can get the name exclusively. And I would like to put it into a list. So if we do something like this and we rerun the application, then we will end up with exactly what we want. That we have the given departments. The problem is that a given person may belong to multiple departments. So first we have to flatten this list data structure into independent department related strings. We end up with a HashMap. Essentially the keys are the department strings and the values are the associated person objects. And finally we group this map based on the key. The keys are essentially the given department strings, packaging it and finance. And then in the downstream operation, we define that how we want to represent the values. Essentially, the values are the person objects belonging to the same department. And we would like to get just the name. We don't care about the age, the departments and so on. We just care about the name of that given person belonging to that given department. And this is exactly how we can solve this problem. As you can see, the packaging department has Anna, the IT department has Adam, Daniel and Anna because Anna belongs to it as well. Then Daniel as an IT guy and Adam as an IT guy. And finance contains Adam, Kevin and Joe. So as you can see, it is working fine. That's all about grouping by. Thanks for watching.