In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about Java generics. So first of all, let's talk about the motivation behind generics. Okay. So generics are a facility of generic programming. These features were added to the Java programming language back in 2004. And of course, they were designed to extend Java's type system to allow a type or method to operate on objects of various types while providing compile time type safety. Okay. So first of all, let's talk about errors in domain in software engineering. Bugs are simply a fact of life, but some bugs are easier to detect than others. So there are two main types of bugs and errors, compile time errors and runtime errors. So let's talk about these two main types of errors. First of all, let's focus on compile time errors. It is easier to detect them as the application will not compile. So if we have a compile time error, it means that we are not able to run and execute our application. And of course this is why it is easier to detect them. The compilers error messages help to figure out what is the problem exactly. So compile time errors can be detected easily and can be fixed easily. So this is why we prefer compile time errors. On the other hand, what about runtime errors? Runtime errors are more problematic because it don't always surface immediately and it may be at a point in the program or the application that is far away from the actual cause of the problem. So this is why we don't like runtime errors. We prefer compile time errors and we will come to the conclusion that if we use generics then we can transform most of the errors into compile time errors. Okay. So let's talk about why to use generics. First of all, generics are the stability to your code. It makes most of the bugs and errors to be detectable at compile time and not runtime. And of course, we prefer compile time errors to runtime errors. Okay. So this is one of the crucial advantages of using generics. Then generics enable types such as classes and interfaces to be parameters when defining other classes, interfaces and methods. So we can reuse the same code with different inputs. So we are going to consider several examples. If we have a public void draw method that's waiting for a given parameter. In this case, our application is able to draw cars on the canvas. So in this case the car parameter is a value. But of course it is not a good approach because what if we would like to draw a bus instead of a car? What if we would like to draw, for example, a bicycle instead of a car? Then of course we may create multiple draw methods. The first draw method is going to draw cars. Then the second draw method is going to draw buses. Then the third row method is going to draw bicycles and so on. But of course this is not the most flexible solution. So instead of using values, we can use generic types. So we will come to the conclusion that if we use a public void draw method with a generic type T, then it is going to be extremely flexible. We will be able to draw multiple types with the same method. So this is why it is absolutely crucial that generics enable types such as classes and interfaces to be parameters when defining classes, interfaces and methods so we can reuse the same code with different inputs. Okay, so generics has many benefits over non generic code. First of all, stronger type checks at compile time. This is what we have been talking about. So if our code violates type safety, then the compiler warns us and this is exactly why we prefer compile time errors. Then the second advantage is that we can eliminate typecasting. So it is not a good programming practice to do type casting because we should use generics instead. So for example, we can use an array list like this. We can instantiate an array list that is the concrete implementation list is the interface. We are going to talk about collections in one of the coming chapters and it is going to be clear that list is an interface. Array list is a concrete implementation with an underlying one dimensional array data structure. But it doesn't matter what's crucial that we can use an array list and a list interface in order to store, for example, strings. But of course if we do not use generics, then we have to cause the given items one by one. So whenever we get the first item with index zero, then we have to cast it to a string. And of course it is quite expensive. So in this case, we don't use generics, which means that we have to cause the objects into string. And the Java virtual machine must test type casting at runtime. What if we use generics? If we use generics, which means that we notify Java that we are going to store strings in the underlying array list, Then we can get these strings, for example, with index zero without the need for casting. So in this case we use generics, which means that we do not have to cause the objects into strings and the compiler knows the types, so no need to check them. As you can see in this case, when using generics, we are dealing with the compiler. As far as the non generic implementation is concerned. Here we are dealing with the Java virtual machine at runtime. So this is the crucial difference. If we use generics, then we can transform most of the errors from runtime to compile time. And of course again, we prefer compile time errors. Okay. And finally, we can implement generic algorithms so we can implement generic algorithms and methods and we can reuse them whenever we want. For example, we can implement a sorting algorithm. But of course, what if we have integers, floats, doubles, strings? So what if we are dealing with different types? Of course the naive approach is to implement a sorting algorithm for integers. Then another method that's waiting for floating point values, then another sorting method that's waiting for doubles strings and so on. But of course it is not a good programming practice to do so. We can use generics instead and we can implement the sorting algorithm in a generic manner, which means that we don't care whether the given type is an integer, a floating point number, double or string. It is going to work just fine. Okay, so we can implement generic algorithms and it is more easier to read generic code. So this is another advantage as far as generic programming is concerned. Okay. So generics have several advantages and this is exactly why we are going to talk about generics in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.