Instructor: So let's now have a look at this src folder because that is where we will spend the majority of our time, that is where we will write our React code. And the first thing you'll notice here in this starting project, which I provided in the last lecture that we have two JavaScript and one CSS file. And the most important takeaway here, which I really wanna emphasize right away is that React code is just JavaScript code. We are just going to write some JavaScript code. Throughout the entire course, we're going to use React features and some special syntax introduced by React, and some special syntax introduced by React, but ultimately, it'll all be just JavaScript. Now, let's start with the index.js file. You don't see it anywhere but I can tell you that this is actually the first code file, which will be executed whenever this page is loaded. So whenever you visit localhost:3000 here at the moment, this index JavaScript file holds the code, which is executed initially. Though I will also say right away that it's not exactly that code but a transformed version of that code. but a transformed version of that code. Remember when I said that our project setup here involves some scripts, which transform and optimize the code? Yeah, that is happening behind the scenes. Yeah, that is happening behind the scenes. Basically, we will write the code in a easy-to-read developer-friendly way with some syntactic sugar, which makes our life as a developer easier but we'll write code which wouldn't run like this in the browser. And especially not in all supported browsers. Therefore, the npm start process, which we started here, which started this development server, which is watching our code, this process will not just watch our code and then take it and deliver it to the browser, and then take it and deliver it to the browser, but before it delivers it, it will transform it. So that certain extra features work in the browser, even they wouldn't work if just this code would be taken. if just this code would be taken. For example, this import here where we import a CSS file into a JavaScript file. That's not something which would work in regular JavaScript. That would be an invalid syntax. You can't import CSS into JavaScript. Well, here in this project setup, it does work. Here in the end, it tells this npm start process we could say that we simply want to include this index.css file into our overall application. That the CSS code in there should be considered and should be injected into this page, which is shown here on the screen. And that's why the styles defined in there, like the font family but also the background color of the body but also the background color of the body are picked up here on the screen, on the page that we see. Another example for syntax, which is not regular JavaScript syntax would be this here. It looks like some kind of HTML code inside of a JavaScript file. And normally, this also wouldn't work. Well, again, here it does work but only because this is transformed before it's delivered to the browser. And for the moment, you just need to be aware of that, that those transformations happen, and that the idea of that simply is that we can write code in a nice way, in a easy way and then still we have code in the end, which runs in all browsers. Now, the fact that the index.js file is the first file to be executed is just something you have to know. I'm telling you that this is the case because indeed, it is. And it's one of the few things you need to remember. And it's one of the few things you need to remember. Index.js here is the first file to execute. Now, what's that file doing though? What's happening here? Well, we are importing ReactDOM from react-dom, Well, we are importing ReactDOM from react-dom, which in the end means we're importing something, some ReactDOM object from the react-dom third-party library, which is one of our dependencies, which is downloaded and installed locally. Now, in the package.json file, you actually see two React dependencies, react just like that and then this react-dom thing. And whilst this indeed technically are two separate packages, are two separate packages, you can think of that as React, the library. It's split across two packages with different responsibilities but in the end, ReactDOM and React, these two dependencies together form the React library, which we're going to learn all about in this course. So whenever we import something from React, or from ReactDOM, or from ReactDOM, it's basically both all about React, and we're using React features as we're doing it here in index.js where we are importing from ReactDOM. This simply makes a feature exposed by that library available inside of this index.js file because that's how modern JavaScript works in general. because that's how modern JavaScript works in general. If you define a feature, let's say a function in file A, and you wanna use it in file B and you wanna use it in file B to split your code across multiple files to keep every file small and manageable, then you have to export the feature, which you wanna use in file B in file A, which you wanna use in file B in file A, and then import it in file B. And that's what we're doing here. ReactDOM, this package, is exporting some React DOM object, and we're importing it here into index.js. and we're importing it here into index.js. And we are importing ReactDOM into index.js to then call a method on it, the createRoot method. This creates basically the main entry point, the main hook of the overall user interface you are about to build with React. That's the idea behind createRoot, and what this does in the end is it tells React where this React application, this user interface, which you build with React in the end should be placed in the web page that is loaded. And that leads us to one other file, the index.html file in that public folder. This folder is a folder in which we will rarely work but it holds one important file. This index.html file. This is the single HTML file, which is in the end loaded by the browser here. This is basically the only HTML file that is being used by this overall React application because it's a so-called single page application. It has a single HTML file and all subsequent changes on the user interface, on the web page will be handled by React. And it's this single HTML file that is the entry point, the place where the React-driven user interface should be rendered into so to say. should be rendered into so to say. And in this index.html file, we've got a regular HTML document structure, and if we have a look at the body, and if we have a look at the body, you will find a div like this in here. A div with the id root in this case. That's a regular div, which actually doesn't hold any content, but that's the div where we want to attach or inject our React-driven user interface. So the user interface, which we will build with React. And you're going to learn how that works throughout this course, of course. So it's this div where the React-based user interface should be rendered into where the React-based user interface should be rendered into and therefore, in index.js, it's this div with the id root, as you just saw. Remember, we have the id root on that div, which we select here with some regular JavaScript code, and then we use a method from the React library, from the ReactDOM library to be precise, which is part of the React library though which is part of the React library though to tell React that this should be the root of our React application, the main place where the React application gets rendered to so to say. That's what createRoot does. Then we store this root object in a constant or variable, and then on that object, on that root object, we can call the render method to tell React what should be rendered in that div that we selected here. And you could, by the way, of course, also select other elements like spans or paragraphs but a div is the most common root element that is selected. And we're in the end telling ReactDOM that we wanna render something, we'll have a look at that in a second in this place so that basically, the content of this div and as you can tell, there is no content, so what's inside of this div should be replaced with that. So, of course, that brings up another question. What is that app thing here? Well, first of all, it's also something which we're importing. We're importing App from the App file, and that's this App.js file. You just may omit and you should omit .js as the extension in your imports here. If it's another file, like a CSS file, you have to add it but if it's a third-party library or one of your JS files, you omit the .js. Now, we can tell that it's one of our files because we have a relative import path here, starting with ./ which means please look in the same folder as this index.js file is in. And then use the App.js file. So this file here. And from that file, we import App. And then we do something with it And then we do something with it but that is definitely not regular JavaScript syntax here. Indeed, it isn't. This is a syntax called JSX and I'll come back to it in a second. But before I come back to that, there's one key thing you've gotta know about App. App, in the end, is a component, and you might remember, components are important. Here we see our first component in action. It's this App component, which we, in the end, render in the place of that element with an id of root. So in place of that div or inside of that div to be precise. So therefore, let's now have a look at this App.js file. And this is a fairly trivial file. It holds a function named App and we then export this function because as I mentioned, in modern JavaScript, if you have something, like a function or a class or an object defined in one file and you wanna use it in another file, you have to export and import it. So here in App.js where this function is defined, we export it, and then we import it in index.js, and that's how these two files are connected and that's how these two files are connected and how we can use a feature, and how we can use a feature, in this case, a function defined in App.js inside of index.js. Now, what's this App.js function doing though? Not much as you can tell. It's a function named App. Starting with a capital character might be a bit strange but it's valid JavaScript syntax. And then all we do in here is we return something. But what we return again is strange. It's HTML code inside of a JavaScript file. And again, that's not something you regularly see. It's also not something we're used to. And it's also not valid JavaScript code normally. Yet here, everything seems to work. The reason for that is that this is a feature called JSX. It's a special syntax invented and introduced by the React team, and it works in these JavaScript files because of our overall project setup and again, because of these transformation steps, which are running behind the scenes. which are running behind the scenes. But let's take a closer look at JSX, and what it is, and how it works in the next lecture.