Maximilian: So we got this JSX code here which is basically HTML code inside of JavaScript. Indeed, JSX stands for JavaScript XML because HTML in the end is XML, you could say. So we got this HTML code in JavaScript. And again, this is really important. This only works because there are transformation steps running behind the scenes because of this process does NPM start process which we started, which transformed as JavaScript code to more browser friendly code before everything is being served here. And indeed you can see that transformed code if you want to. Simply open up the developer tools and here I'm using Chrome, which is the browser I do recommend for development. Simply open up the developer tools in Chrome by going to view developer developer tools, or by using that shortcut. And in these developer tools here go to the sources tab. And this shows all the sources, all the script files for example, which were downloaded as part of this page. Now in here, you'll see a couple of folders but you should see some static /JS folder or something like that, which should hold a couple of JavaScript files. Now the exact number and names of these files might differ. But ultimately, if you click through these files you should see some code which looks fairly cryptic. And which is definitely not the code we wrote here. Or we have here in these two simple JavaScript files. Well, it turns out that this is this transformed code and it's quite a complex code, as you can tell because React supports many features. And this code does not just contain our source code but the whole react library source code and the whole react Dom library source code. So the code in these files is not just our code but the entire React package code. That's something to keep in mind. Now in these files and the main chunk JS file here for example, you see a function named app, somewhere in there. you see a function named app, somewhere in there. You might need to search for it with control F but somewhere in there in these files you should find your app function. But of course, this function looks quite different to the app function we have here. That's a very lean function. This function is not so lean. Well in the end debts is transformed code. You could say that is that code, which runs in the browser which is not the code we wrote but that's what this code is transformed to. And if you have a look at this transformed code and even look might change over time, but it will definitely not look like this. If you have a look at this transformed code that probably is not code we would like to write. And that's why we have these transformation steps because we can use this special JSX Syntex, which is not normally supported in the browser whilst we're writing our code and still it'll automatically be transformed to code which does run in the browser so that we have the best which does run in the browser so that we have the best of both worlds code, which works in the browser which obviously is important and code, which is easy to write for us as a developer. And I'm just putting so much emphasis on this because that can be super confusing. If you're new to React, you do know some basic JavaScript at least you should. And all of a sudden you see code like this which is not regular JavaScript. Well, this is just developer friendly code which we can write, which is transformed behind the scenes.