Maximilian: Okay, so enough about JSX and all of that. Let's now really get our hands dirty. We have this HTML-ish code here in this App function. And we have that code here because with React, we ultimately built our own custom HTML elements as you learned. We built those components and a component is basically just a custom HTML element. And we do that with this declarative approach, as I mentioned, which means with React as I mentioned, which means with React we defined the desired target state and React is then responsible for generating and running the actual DOM instructions which update what's visible on the screen. And we can see this here. And we can see this here. This here is our desired target state. We want to render a div with an h2 tag with this text inside of it on our screen. Because in index.js, we rendered as App component, Because in index.js, we rendered as App component, this custom App HTML element, you could say, and inside of this custom element, which turns out just to be a function, more on that in a second, inside of that, we in the end just return this HTML code. So therefore ultimately, it's this HTML code which is rendered on the screen and that's indeed what we're seeing here. Now let's tweak this code a little bit. Now let's tweak this code a little bit. And here in App.js, in this function, in this returned HTML block here, let's add a paragraph, where we maybe just say, "This is also visible". If you add this and save this file and you have this development server running, which you should, it'll automatically pick up this change, it'll notice when this file changes, it'll notice when this file changes, and it will automatically update what you see on the page. and it will automatically update what you see on the page. And therefore, we now also see this text here, this paragraph. So that's how we can work with that. So that's how we can work with that. And we can, just to find it, we wanna have a paragraph here. we wanna have a paragraph here. Now keep in mind, in regular JavaScript, you would kind of select the element on the page. For example, with document.getElementByID('root'), as we we're doing it here, but then you would not be done. as we we're doing it here, but then you would not be done. If you then want to add a paragraph, you either set the inner HTML content to something, or you, first of all, create a new element with document.createElement, creating a paragraph. And then you got your paragraph here like this. And then you got your paragraph here like this. And you would set the textContent to "This is also visible". And then you would reach out to some place in the DOM And then you would reach out to some place in the DOM and then simply call append or appendChild and add this created paragraph. and add this created paragraph. That is how you would do it in regular JavaScript. That is how you would do it in regular JavaScript. And this is called imperative. This is following an imperative approach. This is following an imperative approach. Because you are giving clear instructions, clear step-by-step instructions, what JavaScript and the browser should be doing. Now, this works, but it can get cumbersome, or complex user interfaces with dozens or hundreds of elements, which also might be changing or hundreds of elements, which also might be changing and appearing and disappearing all the time, having to write all these instructions is very cumbersome. With React instead, we just define the desired end state, that we want a div, an h2 tag, and a paragraph, and React will then generate these instructions behind the scenes to bring that onto the screen. That's how this works behind the scenes. Now I did mention, of course, that for all of that, React embraces this concept of components. React embraces this concept of components. And as I also already mentioned, we do have our first component here, App. So this function in the end as it seems, in App.js, is a component which is used like a custom HTML element here in index.js. in index.js. Let's now build up on that and let's build our first custom component. and let's build our first custom component. And since we ultimately want to build that expense tracker, let's also build our first component in the context of this expense tracker.