Maximilian: So now we know how to style our components. And again, we're definitely not done here, this is not the final look I wanna have. But before we dig deeper into tweaking the final look and adding more UI elements, let's think about one maybe obvious problem. We will probably not just have one expense and definitely not an expense where the data is just hard coded into the component as it is here. into the component as it is here. The date is hard coded here, the title is hard coded, the amount is hard coded the title is hard coded, the amount is hard coded and it's the only expense we have. In our final tracker we wanna have an unlimited amount of expenses if we want to. an unlimited amount of expenses if we want to. We want to have multiple expense item components in action. We want to have multiple expense item components in action. And after all that is one of the core ideas behind components. It's not just a separation of concerns, it's also there reusability. We wanna define a component and its HTML code once and then we want to be able to reuse it. And at the moment we're not able to do that. Therefore, that will be the next problem we'll work on. But before we work on that there's another problem which we have to solve first. And that's something I just mentioned, And that's something I just mentioned, that all that data is hard coded here in this JSX code. that all that data is hard coded here in this JSX code. This is unrealistic, some data may be hard coded sometimes but here for an expense item, but here for an expense item, something like the date and the title and the amount would typically be dynamic, which means it's not hard coded in the HTML code. Instead we receive that data from somewhere, Instead we receive that data from somewhere, for example from the user who entered it into a form and we then output it dynamically. Now for the moment we don't have the capabilities yet to receive it from the user, but we can fake dynamic data by at least adding more than just HTML code to this component. than just HTML code to this component. Because after all, we must not forget that a component in React is just a function. And that earlier I mentioned that components are the combination of HTML, to some extent CSS and also JavaScript. Now we definitely see HTML in action. We also saw some CSS being added but where's the JavaScript? but where's the JavaScript? Other than that being a function. Well, let's add some JavaScript code in that function before we return. For example, let's add a constant, For example, let's add a constant, so a variable which may never change and in there let's store a date and in there let's store a date by using the built in date constructor which comes with JavaScript. Let's give this constant a name, for example expense date, sounds like a fitting name. for example expense date, sounds like a fitting name. And then let's maybe set an initial date value here which is the year 2021, March as a month. And since the month field here starts at zero, March has the number two and then there the 28th. This is how we can create such a date object and this, and that's really important to me is just regular JavaScript, has nothing to do with React. And we can and we typically do have JavaScript code like this in our components have JavaScript code like this in our components here just to create some dummy data later in the course and in your React applications that could be any kind of code. that could be any kind of code. For example to send a HTTP request and fetch data from a database, to validate user input and fetch data from a database, to validate user input or to do any other kind of task. So here we have our expense date, we can also have our expense title here which is maybe car insurance. So a simple string stored in this constant and then our expense amount, which is let's say a number 294 dot 67. dot 67. So we have these three constants, regular JavaScript code. And we now wanna output these values here in this HTML code. And that is a typical task, And that is a typical task, typically you don't have data hard coded in HTML. Instead to output dynamic data you use a special syntax React gives you inside of these JSX code snippets. You can replace hard coded data with opening and closing curly braces. Single curly braces opening and closing. Single curly braces opening and closing. And the special thing about these curly braces inside of your JSX code snippets is that in these curly braces between them, you can run basic JavaScript expressions. For example, one plus one, For example, one plus one, you can execute something like this there and it's now the result of this expression which will be output on the screen. So if I run one plus one between curly braces here, we see two. We can also do something like math random here and generate a random number with the built in math object. And we see the number here and every time I reload I get a new number of course. Now that's something we can do. Now that's something we can do. Now here. I don't wanna get a random number, I don't wanna add one plus one. Instead, I want to refer to the value stored in this constant. And therefore we can just repeat that constant name here. And therefore we can just repeat that constant name here. This is also a valid JavaScript expression just pointing at a variable or a constant. In this case a constant. In this case a constant. And now JavaScript will extract the value stored in this constant and basically inject it here into this HTML code, so to say. into this HTML code, so to say. So if I now save that, we again see car insurance here just like before but now it's not hard coded in the HTML code but now it's not hard coded in the HTML code but instead here its output dynamically and the concrete value is taken from that constant. There of course it's still hard coded, but it's just a first step. Now we can do the same for the amount. So here after the dollar sign which I will leave hard coded for now. We can point at expense amount and for the date we can do something similar. Here we can output expense date, Here we can output expense date, though for the date we have to keep in mind that it's a date object. And therefore if we try to save it like this it just breaks. Because this being a date object it can't be output as texts like this. it can't be output as texts like this. However, we can call to ISO string for example, However, we can call to ISO string for example, a built in method available on all date objects to output it as a string and now we see this at least. and now we see this at least. Not super readable but a first step. Now we will refine and fine tune the way this is being output later. For the moment we just achieved one important thing. We now no longer work with hard coded text in our HTML code but instead we have these dynamic placeholders, you could say. you could say. Where the concrete value can be the result of a calculation of a HTTP requests or as it is here at the moment the value stored in a constant or variable. And now with that out of the way we can move on and we can take a closer look at how we can make this expense item more reusable. So that it's not always the same data which we're outputting. And so that we can have multiple expense items based on one of the same component with different data.