So props are a crucial React concept. Components would not be very useful if they weren't configurable with help of props. And therefore, when working with React and when writing React code, you will often set props on components and accept props as input. Now, there are two things I wanna mention here, two alternative ways of accepting or setting props you should be aware of. And I'll start with an alternative way of setting props because the use case we have here where we have a component that needs almost all the data we are working with in this app, so that needs almost all fields of that raw data. That use case is quite common. And you can then absolutely set up multiple prop key value pairs. So define multiple props of different names and pass your different values through those props. But an alternative would be to instead create an expense item where you just pass one prop that could be titled expense, for example, though the name as you learned is up to you. And instead of passing the individual values through multiple props, you could then pass the entire data point. So the entire object in this array in this case here as one single prop. So as a value for one single prop, the expense prop in this case here, two expense item. You could do that as well instead of passing those individual props. If you would use this approach here where you pass one single prop instead of multiple props, you, of course, also would have to change the code inside of the component because now, you no longer get the title as a prop. Instead, you only get the expense prop or whichever name you chose for the prop. So then here in the receiving component, you would have to write props.expense.title, props.expense.date and props.expense.amount. And of course, now, we would have to migrate all expense items to this alternative way of passing data to the expense item. Now, I wanna emphasize that both approaches are fine. You can pass a single prop, which contains the entire object or a multiple props, which contain the individual values. This is entirely up to you because it's your component but I definitely wanted to mention this alternative. With that, I'll delete this example though and switch back to the approach I showed you before because I think it's a bit easier to understand and read, especially when you're just getting started with React. But you could also pass everything in one data object. When working with props, both approaches are fine. So with that, I'm of course also updating expense item again and I'm moving back to the individual props. Another alternative syntax you could use when working with props is exclusive to the receiving component. There, we're getting this props object where we're then accessing the different properties. In this case, date, title, and amount. Instead of using this approach, we could also use a feature built-in to JavaScript and use object destructuring right here in the parameter list. This might look strange but it's regular JavaScript code. You can use the object destructuring syntax here where you add opening and closing curly braces and where you then refer to the different properties of the object you are receiving here, so of the props object in this case, to pull these values, buy those keys here out of that incoming object and store them in locally available variables of these titles, of these names here. With that, the date prop would be accessed with just date since we're pulling it out here. Title would be accessed under just title and amount would be accessed under just amount. So here, we're using object destructuring. This is not some special React syntax or anything like that. Instead, it's standard JavaScript syntax for using object destructuring right in the function parameter list. Now, again, I will actually switch back to the old approach which we had before where we instead use the .notation for accessing the different properties. But I wanted to share this alternative since you'll also see that in many React projects and since you personally also might prefer it.