Maximilian: So, now, in the last lecture we learned about JSX and how it looks like under the hood, and why we therefore could add all these React imports to all these files, which hold JSX code. Speaking of the files, let's talk about organizing them. Here, we only got a couple of components and therefore we can store them like this, but as your project grows and as you have more and more components you might want to organize them into sub folders and not just throw them all into one components folder. And, indeed, that is something we can already get started with. Here, we could argue that we have some general UI components Here, we could argue that we have some general UI components some general user interface elements, which are not tied to a specific feature of the app. And then, we got some features specific components, And then, we got some features specific components, like these components, which are dealing with rendering expenses and expense data. And, therefore, in the components sub folder, we could create an Expenses sub folder, we could create an Expenses sub folder, and next to that a UI sub folder for general user interface elements. And we could move the card files into the UI folder and the Expenses, ExpenseItem, into the UI folder and the Expenses, ExpenseItem, and ExpenseDate files into the Expenses folder. Now, you just want to make sure that you update all your imports like in Expenses.js, where we import card, we now, first of all, where we import card, we now, first of all, need to go up one level with two dots and then a slash and then dive into the UI folder and import card, the card file. We need to go up one level because Expenses is now in the Expenses folder, and we need to get out of that folder into the next folder above it out of that folder into the next folder above it to then dive into the UI folder, which is a sibling folder to Expenses, to the Expenses folder, I mean. We don't need to update the other imports because these files are still in the same folder as Expenses.js. For ExpenseItem, we also need to update the card import though, go up one level, dive into the UI folder and then import card. And in App.js, we no longer import Expenses from components' Expenses, instead we dive into components from components' Expenses, instead we dive into components then into the Expenses folder and there it's the Expenses file, which you want to import from. So, now, we can adjust these imports. And if you did that, this again, all works if you load it. And we're really just doing this to organize our files, and to keep our components organized, and to make sure that they're not all in one big folder. Ultimately, it's up to you how you want to organize them. And, of course you, should just organize them, such that you and any team members you might be working with are comfortable working with these files. That's the most important thing which matters.