Instructor: Now to really conclude this module, I just wanna show you an alternative syntax for writing these functions, any kinds of functions in JavaScript. A syntax which is not exclusive to React by the way, but which can be used in any modern JavaScript application. Instead of writing a function like this with the function keyword, with the function keyword, you can also write a so-called arrow function, and attached you find a link with more details on these arrow functions. Again, it's not a React specific thing. To use that arrow function syntax. You replace function with const to create a new constant You replace function with const to create a new constant with a given name app in this case. And then the value which you assigned to this constant is an arrow function written like this. A list of parameters then an equal sign and a greater sign forming such an arrow and then the function body between curly braces. And again, that's really just standard JavaScript code. And again, that's really just standard JavaScript code. You can absolutely stick to the function keyword. This is just a syntax, which I personally prefer because it's a bit shorter or yeah, I just prefer it. And therefore I will migrate all my functions to this syntax like this here in the case of card but you don't have to do that if you prefer the other syntax, it's really 100% optional. if you prefer the other syntax, it's really 100% optional. And in this case here it doesn't offer any benefits or anything like that. It's really just personal preference. And I want to show this syntax here since you will also see that in a lot of React projects and you therefore should be aware of it and you therefore should be aware of it that you can write your functions like this, any functions by the way, not just component functions. any functions by the way, not just component functions. And with that, we're really done for this module. It was a huge module. And yet we're still only scratching the surface. There's
way more we can explore about React, and in the next section,
you'll get a practice project which will allow you to practice
what you learned in this section. But thereafter we'll dive
way deeper into React. And we're going to explore
more crucial React features. Most importantly there,
after this exercise section, we'll explore the important concept
of managing state in React apps, and of building
truly interactive user interfaces.