Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section, we are going to talk about the new challenge that we may face while building microservices. Right now, we have discussed and completed total seven challenges. And inside this section we are going to talk about challenge number eight. So you might be very curious, what is this new challenge? What is this challenge about? So let me reveal the details of this challenge. So the challenge that we are going to talk inside this section is, observability and monitoring of our microservices. If you are hearing these observability and monitoring jargons very first time, don't worry, I'm going to spend a good amount of time explaining what is observability and what is monitoring and how we should implement them inside our microservices. Before we try to understand the definition of observability and monitoring. First, let me try to put some questions in front of you and post that we can see how these observability and monitoring are going to help us in resolving the problems or challenges that we are going to face. The very first problem are the question that I have is, how we are going to debug our microservices. If there is an issue identified inside your microservices, how are you going to debug them inside monolithic application you have only single application where you can debug the issue very easily, but inside microservices network, the request may travel across multiple microservices and containers. So how are you going to trace the transaction across multiple services and containers and how are you going to find where exactly the problem or the defect is? So this is one of the major problem that we may have. And apart from tracing the request, we should also worry about combining all the logs from multiple services into a centralized location where the logs can be indexed, searched, filter and grouped to find the bugs that are contributing to a problem. Inside the monolithic application, the maintenance of the logs is going to be super, super easy. Because a single web application is generating the logs. We can store them inside a folder location and whenever a developer wants to understand the issue, he can easily download those logs and try to scan them to understand where the issue is. But with microservices, it is not going to be the same because many containers and many services, they are going to generate the logs inside their own containers. And as a developer, we can't go to all those multiple locations and try to analyze the logs. Sometimes your request may travel more than 20 microservices to give a response, so in such scenarios it is going to be very tedious job to look for the logs inside the containers individually. That's why to overcome this challenge we should look for the options on how we can combine all the logs from the multiple services into a centralized location. I hope you are clear with this problem. The next problem is how are we going to monitor performance of our service calls? Like we discussed, a single request may travel multiple microservices inside the microservice network. If there is a performance issue inside your microservice network, how we are going to track the path of a specific chain service, call through the microservice network and see how long it took to complete at each microservice. Until unless we know how much time my request is taking in a particular microservice, we cannot really identify which microservice is taking more time. So once we identify the microservice, which is taking more time, then only we can try to debug the issue. That's why identifying a microservice, which is taking a lot of time compared to other microservice is very important to monitor and identify the performance issues inside your microservices. Apart from performance, we should also worry about how to monitor metrics and health of our microservices. We should look for the options using which we can easily monitor the metrics of containers and microservices like CPU usage. JVM metrics. Since you will be having hundreds of containers and microservices running inside your microservice network. Monitoring each of them with the help of actuator is going to be a super complex process. That's why we should look for the options, which can help us in monitoring the status and health of our microservice in a single centralized location and create alerts and notifications for any abnormal behavior of the services. Why do we need alerts and notifications? We can't have our team members continuously looking at the dashboards or microservices to understand their health. Sometimes it's not going to be a feasible option to monitor all the microservices 24 by seven. That's why we should automatically trigger some alerts and notifications, if there is some abnormal behavior inside a particular microservice. So these are the problems that we may face whenever we are trying to implement microservices inside any organization. So how to overcome all these problems with the help of observability and monitoring by using these concepts, we can solve all these challenges very easily. And that way we are going to avoid the outages that are going to happen inside our microservices. Observability and monitoring is a very interesting topic. Inside this section you will be seeing a lot of interesting tools, interesting concepts. I hope you are super excited about these concepts and challenge. From the next lecture, let's try to understand in detail about these observability and monitoring. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.