Inside this lecture, let's try to talk in detail about observability and monitoring. First, let's try to understand what is observability. Observability is the ability to understand the internal state of a system by observing or by understanding its output. For example, in the context of microservices, observability can be achieved by collecting and analyzing data from a variety of sources such as metrics, logs and traces. Using all these information, we can try to understand how our microservices that are running internally, how well a particular microservice is processing all the incoming requests or how many errors my microservice is throwing. So all such internal information we can try to understand with the concept of observability. There are three pillars for observability. The very first one is metrics. Metrics are quantitative measurements of the health of a system. They can be used to track things like CPU usage, memory usage and response times. So using these metrics, we can measure our microservices performance or health. The next pillar that we have is logs. So what are logs? Logs are a record of events that occur inside a system. We can put log statements inside our method calls, so whenever that particular method is being executed, my logs will be generated indicating that a particular record of event is executed successfully. So using these logs we can track things like errors, exceptions and other unexpected events. We all know how important logs are while debugging an issue without logs, it is impossible to identify an issue inside the production environment. After logs the last pillar of observability is traces. So what are traces? Traces are a record of the path that a request takes through a system inside our microservices network. They can be hundreds of microservices. A particular request may travel through the multiple microservices. So to understand what is a path that my request travelled inside the microservice network, we can use that traces. Using these traces information we can track the performance of a request at each microservice or at each method. And with that we should be able to easily identify any performance bottlenecks. By collecting the data from these three pillars, we can analyze the data and gain a good understanding of the internal state of our microservices. This understanding can help developers to identify and troubleshoot problems, and in some times we can also use this information to identify the bottlenecks and improve the performance. And apart from performance and troubleshooting problems, with the help of these data, we can also ensure the overall health of the system. I hope you are clear what is observability. Now let's try to understand what is monitoring. Monitoring in microservice context involves checking the telemetry data available for the application and defining the alerts for known failure state. We saw inside the observability we use the data like logs, metrics and traces for troubleshooting any defects or performance issues. But with the help of monitoring, we can build some dashboards and build alerts and notifications based upon metrics, logs and traces information. Maybe we can try to build a dashboard which can be used by the operations team to monitor the overall health of our microservices. If the CPU utilization of a particular container or a microservice crossed more than 80%, then I want a alert to be triggered. So all such scenarios we can achieve with the help of monitoring. Monitoring is very important inside microservices because it will allow us to identify and troubleshoot problems. If you have hundreds of microservices running in different containers, in different virtual machines monitoring all of them, 24 by seven is going to be super, super impossible task. That's why by collecting and analyzing the data from the individual microservices, we can identify problems before they cause any outages or other disruptions. For example, if you take the same CPU usage example if a particular microservice CPU usage is more than 80%, then I can try to add one more instance of the microservice so that the traffic will be divided between these two instances. So here, using this monitoring information, I'm trying to avoid the outage by adding more number of instances. And apart from identifying and troubleshooting problems using monitoring, we can also track the health of our microservices. Using dashboards, alerts and notifications we can easily understand which microservice is underperforming or which microservice is having some network problems or any other kind of problems that will affect the performance of my microservice. And at last, using monitoring, we can try to optimize our microservices by onboarding more number of instances or by killing the microservice, which is having problems. And in the same place we can try to onboard a new container or a new microservice instance. With all these approaches, we are going to improve the performance and reliability of the microservices. So here you may have a question like both observability and monitoring they are looking very similar and you may also have confusion like what is the difference between them? Let me try to answer the same. Monitoring and observability can be considered as a two sides of the same coin. Both rely on the same types of telemetry data to enable insights about your microservices. These telemetry data or data types, includes metrics, traces, and logs using these kind of information only both observability and monitoring are going to work. Let's try to understand in detail what is the difference between monitoring and observability. For the same, if you try to take an example of iceberg, whatever you are able to see on the top of the iceberg, we can call that as monitoring because we will be easily able to see how our microservices health, what is the CPU usage, how many threads are being used? All such information we can easily see with the help of monitoring because inside the monitoring we are going to build the dashboards, alerts and notifications. But whatever information which you cannot easily see, all such information, we call it as observability, there might be some NullPointerException inside my microservice network until unless I go and look into the logs, I cannot really understand where the issue is. So such kind of information comes under the observability. Let me give you a table which has differences between monitoring and observability. Like you can see here, if you take the purpose of monitoring and observability, monitoring is going to help you to identify and troubleshoot problems. Whereas with the help of observability, we can try to understand the internal state of a system. Coming to that what kind of data that will be used inside the monitoring is metrics, traces and logs inside observability. Apart from these metrics, trace and logs, other kind of information also will be leveraged. Moving on to the next information, which is goal. The goal of the monitoring is to identify the problems, whereas the observability goal is to understand how a system works. Now let's talk about the approach. Inside the monitoring the approach is going to be reactive. So what is reactive approach? When I say reactive, we are going to react when a problem occurs. For example, your operations team can react when a particular microservice is facing some network problems or some performance issues. Without seeing those events. Your operations team cannot react to them. That's why inside the monitoring the approach will always be reactive, whereas inside the observability the approach is going to be proactive. For example, your microservice might be throwing some NullPointerExceptions. Maybe it is not throwing for each and every request for some random scenario or for some rare scenario. A particular microservice is throwing a RuntimeException or NullPointerException. So as a developer you will try to proactively identify the issues so that you can provide a fix in the future release. So this is a proactive approach. I hope you are clear what is monitoring and observability. If you ask me to explain the difference of monitoring and observability in simple words, I would say monitoring is about collecting data, and observability is about understanding data. We can also say monitoring is reacting to the problems while observability is fixing them in real time. Like any runtime exceptions or performance issues, we have to deep dive into the information to understand the internal state and fix them in real time. With this, I am assuming you are clear about what is observable and monitoring. Always, please note that observability will help you to understand the internal state of a system, whereas monitoring will help you to identify and troubleshoot problems with the help of alerts, dashboards, notifications. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.