In the previous lecture we had a very quick introduction about Grafana, Loki and promptaile. You may have many questions how to implement these log aggregation without making any changes inside Microservices. For the same, first, let me walk you through the approach that we are going to take, how we are going to implement it, how the tools like promptaile, Grafana, Loki they are going to interact with each other. So let me give some official documentation information, post that by taking this as a reference we can try to implement the same inside our microservices as well. If you see here, I came to the official documentation of Loki and here I clicked on this getting started. If you can scroll down on this page, there is a beautiful diagram which explains how to implement log aggregation with the help of Grafana and its tools. If you see here first, there is a application with the name Flag. This is just a random application provided by the Grafana team. This application is going to generate and emit logs continuously. That's what you can see here. It is going to emit the logs and this log is deployed into a container. Now if you see in the same network where my log is deployed, the prompt tell which which is a log agent will be running. The responsibility of this prompt is, to read the new logs whenever generated by the log app and collect the same logs. And once the prompt collected those logs it has to send to the Loki, but it will not send directly to the Loki. In between there is an edge server like a gateway. With the help of this gateway it is going to send the logs to the Loki. Inside Loki there are two components like Loki read component and Loki write component. Why we need so many components. Because like I said, Loki is capable of storing any amount of logs. To make it scalable and handle any amounts of log data. Grafana team built many separate components, so whenever my prompt is trying to send the logs to the gateway, the gateway will see what is the URL that is invoked by the client. Here the client will be prompted and in the case where the request is coming from, the promptaile, it will redirect the request to the Loki right component. That's why you can see the arrow here is in the dark color without any dashes. Once my Loki component receives the logs, it is going to store the logs in a component with the name Minio. So all these are internal components. We don't need to worry much about them behind the scenes grafana is going to take care of all writing, reading with the help of this gateway. We don't even have to develop all this gateway, Loki Read Component, Loki Write Component. These are readily available tools which we can deploy inside our microservices. Now you can see the sequence is the log is generated, the promptaile collected, the logs, send it to Gateway and the gateway forward the same to the Loki write component. From the Loki write component. The logs is written into a storage system called Minio. Now think like the logs are stored inside the centralized location, which is Minio and Loki. As a next step, one of the developer wants to understand the logs of a particular microservice. So what he will do, he will go to the grafana and he will try to search the logs whenever developer is trying to search the logs inside Grafana, the request will go to the gateway and here you can see the arrow with the dashes. The gateway will forward the same request to the Loki read component because the developer only trying to read the logs and this log read component is going to read the logs from the minio and eventually the same will be sent back to the Grafana where the developer can see the logs in an UI application. So this is the overall architecture that is recommended by the Grafana to implement log aggregation. Please don't worry about this looks very complex. I cannot implement this. Please don't worry about that, it is going to be super, super easy because now we know Docker, Docker compose with the scripts provided by the Grafana team. We can easily implement this. As of now, you can see inside this architecture we have a sample application with the name Flag. Instead of this flag, we are going to have all our microservices generating the logs and prompt is going to read them and send to the Loki from the Loki we are going to read them and see them inside the Grafana. I hope this is clear. If you can scroll down, there are steps that we can follow to implement the same inside any microservices network. So there are some Yaml configurations given by the Grafana team. By following the same instructions we can implement them inside our microservice as well. I'm going to mention this URL inside the GitHub repo. Please read all the details inside this page. Whatever I have explained, the same is present inside this page. I also mentioned all those details inside this slide. For your quick reference. If you try to recall the 15 factor methodology that we discussed previously with this approach, we are trying to implement one of the recommendations mentioned inside the 15 factor methodology under the name logs. So what does 15 factor methodology is recommending to treat the logs as events stream to the standard output and not concerned with how they are processed or stored. So the individual microservices are the developers. They should not worry about streaming or storing the logs. All the log aggregation should happen from the outside. That's what we are trying to achieve here. I hope you are clear with this approach from the next lecture, let's try to implement the same inside our microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.