Inside this lecture, let's try to implement log aggregation with the help of Grafana, Loki and promtail For the same, since we are into new section inside my workspace, I'm going to copy the code from the previous section and paste inside the same folder and post that I'm going to rename the folder name to section 11 because we are right now into the section 11. Let me open the section 11 and look for any hidden files. So there is a hidden file which is related to my IntelliJ idea configuration. So let me delete this. Post this I'm going to open this section 11 inside my intelliJ idea. So here, let me click on this open post that I'll go to storage, workspaces, microservices, section 11. And now I'm going to click on this open button. With this all my Maven projects present inside the section11 will be loaded into my IntelliJ idea. So let me do a build and enable this annotation processing. Post that I'm going to open the pom.xml of all the microservices. And here first change we need to do is replacing the tag name from s10 to s11. So let me do the same for other microservices as well. Behind the scenes I have changed the Docker image tag name from s10 to s11 inside all the Maven projects. As a next step, I want to open the application.yml file present inside the gateway server. Here as of now you can see we have the response timeout configured as two seconds. This means my gateway server is going to wait at a maximum of two seconds to get a response from the actual microservices. But since we are going to set up more and more containers inside our local system, definitely inside my local system, I will not be able to get the response within two seconds due to low availability of memory. So to avoid any inconvenience inside the local testing, I want to increase this timeout to 10s. So with this, my gateway server is going to wait for a maximum of 10s to get the response and with this we should be able to get any kind of response from the individual microservices and will not face any issue inside the local system. Regardless of how many containers or supporting components you're trying to set up. I hope you are clear with this change, so please make sure you are also doing this change and in future, if you are seeing some timeout issues, please always feel free to increase this based upon your local testing requirement. After making these changes. Let's go to the official documentation of Grafana. Here inside this page If we can scroll down first, they are going to tell you what are the pre requests. So the pre request are we should have it running Docker and Docker compose installed inside our local system. We have already installed these inside the previous section, so we should be good from these pre requests post that they are asking you to create some directory with the name evaluate Loki. And after creating that they are requesting to go to that directory. But we don't have to follow this because we will try to implement all these changes inside our Docker compose folder, present inside the workspace location. After this, they are asking you to download three different Yaml files docker compose yaml file and promtail-local-config.yml and loki-config.yml So they have given the URLs of each of these Yaml files for suppose if you can scroll down you'll be able to see the complete yaml url and they're trying to extract them using the same respective names. So what I have done is, I have opened these Yaml files in three different tabs, like these are the three different tabs that I have. First, let's try to understand what is present inside the docker compose Yaml file. Because we are already familiar with syntax of Docker compose understanding this should not be challenging. So let me zoom this Yaml file for your reference. So first there is a version number which they're trying to mention. Post that you can see they are creating a network with the name Loki. So that they are going to start all the services under the same network. Inside our Docker compose, we also created a network with the name EazyBank. Very similarly, they are also following the same strategy. Now under the services you can see first they are trying to create the read component of the Loki. That's why you can see the image name is related to Loki and post the image name. They have provided the command which will be executed when we try to convert this Docker image as a container. If you see they are trying to start this image with the target as read with that, it is going to become a read component of Loki and that is going to start at these ports. They are exposing the read component at the port 3101 And after these ports, you can see here we have volumes. We have never used these volumes inside our course as of now. So what are volumes ? using volumes, we can try to map a file present inside the local host system into the Docker container. If you see here, there is a volume detail that they have mentioned. This way we can create any number of volumes. The configuration here is very simple. They are saying the place where we have this Docker compose file inside the same folder there will be a Yaml file with the name Loki-config,yml. If you can see the other tab here, the file name is the same, so they're asking to download this yaml file and paste it inside the same folder location where the docker-compose.yml is present. So the same file we are trying to map our copy to the docker container under this location. /etc/loki/config.yaml. The same is being referred inside the command. You can see for the config.file variable they are passing the same config.yml and post that they are also saying depends on on minio. Minio is another service which we are going to explore towards the end of this Docker compose file and health check. We are already aware using this health check, the Docker compose is going to evaluate whether the read component of Loki is successfully started or not. And at last you can see this read service. We are trying to tag to the network, which is Loki and we are also trying to create an alias name for this network Loki. So the alias name is also Loki. If needed, we can try to give a different alias name. Also, they are trying to create an alias name so that they can use this alias name in some other configuration and post this alias name. We are seeing these & loki-dns. So inside these Yaml, whenever we see & that indicates anchor. So what is an anchor inside Yaml we are trying to create a variable name, loki-dns and to this loki-dns variable name we are trying to assign the value present under the networks. So we just created a variable with the help of this anchor symbol inside Yaml and post that you can see. We have new service with the name write And this is using the same image, but this time the command target is going to be write and it is going to expose the traffic at the port 3102 whereas the read component it expose at 3101 and write component is exposing at the port 3102 and volumes we already discussed. It's the same configuration and the health checks we already aware and depends on minio. Now under the networks you can see we are using here a special symbol which which is less than symbol repeating two times this special symbol, which is double less than symbol indicates merge operation inside the Yaml. And post this merge operation, we are telling we are using asterisk. Asterisk is a special symbol inside yaml which we can use to refer any of the anchor variable that we have created. Previously we created a anchor variable with the name loki-dns inside my Yaml. Whenever I want to refer to this anchor variable that I have created with the help of Ampersand, I need to use this asterisk symbol. So we are trying to refer the same we have created in the top and with this double less than symbol we are going to merge this variable under this networks. With that, the same details that we have mentioned here will come under the write service as well. Now, after the write service, we also have promtail service and it is going to use the promtail image available under the Grafana. And here they have defined two volumes related configurations. This file, which is promtail-local-config.yml is present inside the other tab. So this is the same file they're asking to download in the same folder and copy the same using volumes to the docker container at the location etc/ promtail/config.yml. Here ro indicates read only volume. So my docker container they can only read the yaml configurations present inside these yaml file but they cannot change them. That's what we are trying to achieve with the help of this ro command. And post that there is also one more volume which is internal to the Docker containers. And after these volumes you can see there is a command which they are trying to execute with the help of these flag, which is config.file and they are trying to use the same config.yml that we have copied from our local system. So inside the local system this is the Yaml file name, but by the time they are trying to refer inside the docker container with the help of this volume they are trying to rename the file to the config.yml . We are trying to refer the same inside the command as well. After the command we have depends on gateway and networks is loki. Now after this promptaile we also have minio related service with the image, with the Entrypoint command and some environment variables, port mapping and there is a volumes. So if you see during the entry point, it is trying to create a directory inside the local host where we have this docker-compose.yml. So it is trying to create two different directories like data/loki-data, data/loki-ruler. So with this the Loki is going to store all the logs inside our local system only with the help of Minio. If needed inside the production we can try to configure some other storage systems like AWS S3 or any other cloud storage. So these are the environment variables. Now, under these volumes, you can see they're trying to copy the folders /.data/minio, which will create inside our local system when we try to start this Minio And inside this Minio folder, only all the logs will get stored. So with this volume we are trying to mount this folder data Minio from our local host to the container at the folder data. So I'll be showing you all this in the demo. So basically with this volume, whatever data folder that we have inside our local system, we are trying to mount that into the Docker container folder and there is a health check command and networks loki and now coming to the Grafana image, this has image details, environment details and depends on Gateway. And there is an entry point command where they're trying to create a folder with this name like data sources. And under this data sources folder they're trying to create a new Yaml file with the name ds.yml and here you can see they're trying to create a data source of type Loki . previously I said from Grafana we can try to search the logs in the present inside the Loki to establish the link between Grafana and Loki. We need to provide this data source details to the grafana like where the Loki is deployed. What is the URL where my grafana can try to reach out to the Loki? So the URL is going to be gateway 3100 and there are some header related information and post that there is a port mapping at where Grafana is going to start at 3000 port and there is some health check details and network is going to be Loki. Now after grafana we have gateway service this Gateway service is going to use the image of Nginx server and it is going to depend on two different services like read and write. So these are the Loki Read and Loki write services and there is some Entrypoint command where they're trying to define some nginx configurations. You can see here they have defined some routing related configurations. Like whenever someone is trying to invoke this path, then it is going to pass the request to the write component at the Port 3100. And very similarly for this API promtail, they are going to redirect the request to the read component. So all search routing related configurations are defined inside the startup scripts and at last you can see there is some port related configuration and the health check information and network information. After the gateway, we have a app with the name flog like we saw previously, there will be a flog app which will continuously generate some random logs. We don't need this flog API because inside our scenario we are going to use our own microservices to generate the logs. That's why when we try to use this Docker compose file, we don't need to copy these flog related service because we don't need that sample application inside our scenario. Now if we try to go and check what is present inside the other Yaml files. So this is the Yaml file related to promtail So they have defined the configurations on how promtail should work. You can see here, if it is Http protocol, it is going to listen at the port 9080. Otherwise if it is grpc it is going to listen at the port zero. Now if you see under the clients it is going to connect with the gateway at the Port 3100 and using this URL only, it is going to push all the logs that it is going to read from other microservices. Here we have some scrape related configurations. They have given a job name which is flog_scrap. Since they are using a app with the name flog, they have defined the job name as flog_scrap. We don't need to change any of this. Fine with any job name. The job name can be any random value. And these scrape configs you can see they have defined some configurations where my promtail is going to read the content from my docker containers with the help of the socket paths present inside all my containers and the refresh interval is going to be five seconds and whatever data my promtail is going to read, I have defined with the help of regex That means I want my promtail to read all kind of logs data and the target label is going to be container. So all these logs will be assigned to a label with the target label as container. So this is what they have mentioned inside the promtail. So you don't need to understand everything about this because most of these work is related to the DevOps or platform team. But it will be good for you to know all these basics so that in future you can try to implement all of them on your own or you can try to help your DevOps or platform team in setting up all these inside your project. Now let's go and see what is present inside the loki-config.yml. So here it is going to listen at the port 3100 and post the port there are some other configurations which are respective to loki. The very important information that I want you to understand here is, you can see they're trying to store all the logs using the service minio, which is exposing at the Port 9000, and they have created some bucket names like loki-data with some random key ID and some secret. So they have defined some storage related configurations. So inside our local system it is going to leverage Minio and our local folder system to store all the logs. But in your real projects, if you want to use some real cloud storage, you can come here and change all the details inside this loki-config.yml There'll be good amount of information inside the official documentation to help you around that. Now we understand all these three Yaml files as a next step we need to set up them inside our docker compose file we already have in our microservices project. So let's try to continue this discussion in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.