Now inside this lecture, let's try to start implementing these changes inside our Docker compose file. For the same, first, I need to download this loki-config.yml and promtailelocal-config.yml . So I have downloaded them already. Let me go to the IntelliJ idea here and add the docker compose I'm going to create a new folder with the name observability. So let me create this folder inside this observability folder, I'm going to create one more directory with the name loki inside this loki folder, I'm going to save the file related to the loki configurations, so let me copy the same here. So with the same name loki-config.yml. If you can see this is the same content that we have discussed previously. After this loki-config.yml . Very similarly, I'm going to create a new folder with the name promptaile inside this promptaile I'm going to download the config file and paste the same. So here I'm trying to paste the file which is promptail-local-config.yml. If you see this is the same content that we have discussed previously. Now I have the low key and promptail related configurations. As a next step I'm going to make the changes in any of the Docker compose file present inside the default prod or qa. So let me consider the docker-compose.yml file present inside the prod. Once we test the changes inside the prod profile, we can copy the same content into other profiles as well. So let me open this docker-compose.yml. As of now you can see these are all the services that we have created in the previous section. In the previous section we have created a container related to Redis as part of rate limiter pattern. For now, let's remove the container related to Redis because we're going to add too many containers to our Docker compose file. I don't want to slow down my system and US system as well. That's why I want to remove unnecessary containers like Redis because we already tested Redis and rate limited pattern in the previous section. So let me remove this and post that. I will go to the gateway server related configurations because here we have defined the dependency on Redis and we also define some environment variables related to Redis. So let me delete all these environment variables. At last I can search for that tag which is with the name s10. All these s10 tags I can replace with s11 tags. Now I should be good with these s11 related changes. As a next step, I'm going to copy the content from the Docker compose file present inside this location. So network I don't want to copy services we already have, so let me copy all the services except the flog. Flog we don't need this service because this is a test app and we are not going to use the same. So here, just after the services, I'm going to copy all the services that we have copied from the official documentation. So here we need to make some changes. So let's try to make those changes quickly. So if you see here previously the official documentation said copy the loki-config.yml present inside the same folder location to the docker container. But right now the loki-config.yml is not present inside the same folder location. Instead it is present inside the observability, loki folder. So that's why we need to update these volume here. So let me update this content with the new folder. Like you can see we are trying to read the loki-config.yml from the folder observability, loki and the same we are trying to copy to the container at the folder location. loki/config.yml. Post that if you can scroll down, we have a network with the name Loki, but what is the network name that we have created inside the common-config.yml, it is easy bank so we need to mention the same here and the alias we can keep it as loki because maybe internally they might be using this Loki alias name, but please make sure you are using this easy bank and I'm going to anchor this content with the same name which is loki-dns. With this we should be good with the read component. Now I'll go to the write component. And here also we need to change this volume. So let me copy the details from the read component and paste the same under the right component as well. As the next step I can scroll down, scroll down and here we should be fine with the same loki-dns because the same variable is referring to the easybank. So we should be good. If I go to the promtail, here also I need to add the correct folder location where my promtail-local-config.yml is present. So let me mention the same here. Like you can see this file is present inside the folder observability, promptail. While the same I'm trying to copy into the container. And after this volume update, we can scroll down. And here under the networks we have loki. . So instead of directly hardcoding the network name like easybank, we can try to refer the configurations that we have defined inside the commonconfig.yml file with the service name as network deploy service. So let me do the same. So here in the place of networks I'm going to copy the content which is extends file common-config.yml and the service name is going to be network-deploy-service. As a next step I can go to the minio, under the Minio we don't have to change anything except the network related configuration. So instead of this network I'm going to mention the extends configuration. After this, I'll go to the Grafana. Here under the Grafana, we don't have to change anything except related to the network, so let me change the networks related information and post that I'm going to copy the same content and mention the same inside the gateway as well. If I can scroll down towards the end, there is an network configuration under the gateway. So let me define the same. With this we have updated our Docker compose file and we also copied the configurations related to loki and promptail. As a next step, I need to generate the Docker images which are specific to this section because we are right now using the tag S11. So I'm going to generate all the Docker images related to S11 behind the scenes. And post that, I'm going to continue the same discussion in the next lecture. I hope you are with me. When you see these in demo, it is going to be super, super clear for you and I'm pretty sure that you are going to like these grafana tools. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.