Behind the scenes I have generated the Docker images by using the code present inside the section 11. As of now, we have not made any changes inside our microservices related to log aggregation. We are going to achieve the log aggregation without making any changes with the help of Grafana, Loki and promptail. So that's what we are trying to achieve here. So as of now you can see all the six Docker images with the tag name s11 are ready. As a next step, I'm going to run the Docker, compose up command from the prod profile. Like you can see here right now, I'm under the prod profile. So here I'm going to run the command docker compose up -d. So this is the regular command which you are already aware, so please make sure the docker is running behind the scenes. Then only we can run this command. So let me execute this command. Here I'm getting an error. Seems while we copied the docker compose file content, we messed up with the alignment in the Yaml file, so let me check the same. So we need to make sure all the service details are mentioned at the same location. So right now I'm at the read location. If I can scroll down, I should make sure the right is present at the same location, but seems you can see this entire right is moved by one location. So let me select these and press shift tab which will take me back one space. So now if you see both my read and write are in the same position. So the issue might be the same for other services also. So let me select all the services till to the point where we have mentioned gateway related configurations. So let me select all these and press shift tab and this will move all my services to the right location. So with this, the issue should get resolved. Let me go to the terminal. Here I'm going to run the command again. This time you can see all our containers are being created. Here under the containers you should be able to see all the containers like Minio read, write, promptail, Grafana, gateway. They started very quickly because all these are very lightweight containers. They're not going to use a lot of CPU inside your local system or inside any Docker container environment. So that's one more advantage that we have with these containers. So now let's wait for 1 to 2 minutes for all our individual microservices to get started. At last our gateway server is going to start. So I'm going to wait for a minute here. After two minutes, all my containers started successfully. If I can open this gateway server related logs, you can see there is a statement started Gateway server successfully. So this confirms all my containers and microservices started successfully. For some reason if the services are not getting started inside your local system due to any reason like low memory or low CPU or low ram in such cases, you can try to increase this interval to 20sec and retrace to 20. With this, you are going to give more time for your containers to get started and to prove their health. But in my case, as of now, these configurations are working perfectly. So now all of our containers started successfully. Let me try to test a few scenarios, so that the logs will be generated behind the scenes. So I came to the postman. Here first I'm going to invoke this fetchCustomerDetails API available inside the accounts microservice. You can see as expected, we are going to get NotFound like Customer not found with a given input data mobile number. Because our container started just now with the help of H2 database. There won't be any data, so let me try to create that data first with the help of this create API inside the accounts microservice. So the account is created. Now let me do the same for cards as well with the help of create API inside cards microservice. So here I'm getting some timeout exception. Maybe my container took longer time. So if I try to click on the send button, you can see we are getting bad requests. That means behind the scenes the card is registered successfully, so we should be fine. Now I'll try to invoke the loans API. So here we are getting 201. As a next step, I'm going to invoke this fetchCustomerDetails API. So here I'm getting some error from the Circuit breaker fallback. This is because inside my local system there are too many containers running. That is slowing the request to processing capacity of my containers. That's why I'm going to send the request one more time. And this time I got a successful response. But in real production, since you are going to have very big servers, this should not be an any issue. So now we might have generated a lot many logs inside our microservices. First, I'll show you the very basic approach. If we don't have log aggregation concept, if there is an issue or an exception, my developer has to visit each of the container or each of the location where the container logs are present. For example, if I go to the gatewayserver-ms here, I should be able to see all the logs related to my gateway server that got generated due to my actions that I have performed. So the same thing he has to repeat for all the microservices like accounts, loans, cards. So this is going to be super cumbersome process, but we are trying to avoid this with the help of Grafana, loki and promptail. So to show you the demo using the Grafana, let me go to the browser. So here I'm going to open the URL localhost 3000 because our grafana is going to start at the port 3000 as soon as I try to access, you can see I got some beautiful UI page, so why I have opened the grafana. Like I said before, using grafana, we can try to search the logs present inside the Loki system. So how the link between the Grafana and Loki is established. So let me show the connection details here. So if I click on this toggle menu, there is a tab related to connections. So click on this data sources. As of now you can see by default a Loki related data source is created if I can open this. So there is an URL configured using which my grafana can connect with my Loki. There is some headers also created, so all these connection details we have mentioned inside our Docker compose file. So let me show you that. So inside the Docker compose file, if you can go to the service details related to Grafana here under the Grafana service, if you can scroll to the entry point command, you can see we are trying to create a data sources with the name Loki of Type Loki and we have mentioned the same URL and we have provided the same header and the value with the help of all these configurations. So using the same data source configurations while my grafana service is getting created, the data source details are connection. Details to the Loki is automatically created. If you don't configure this, you need to manually create these connection details inside your grafana by using these add new data resource. Since we want to avoid that, we have provided all such information inside the Docker compose file itself as a next step. I can go to the explore button that we have here. So here under the Select label I am going to select the label, which is container. So the same container label we have defined inside the prompt shell hyphen local config. So you can see all the logs that are scraped by. My prompt shell is going to be assigned to the target label container and the source label is going to be what is a Docker container name. Once I select this label filter, you can see under the value I have all my docker container names. For example, if I want to see the logs related to accounts micro service, I can select the same and post that I can click on this run query. With that, you should be able to see all the logs related to the accounts micro service inside your Grafana UI itself. If needed, you can click on this live streaming with that any logs that are being generated behind by your accounts micro service container, they will immediately come here after every five seconds. So that's a power of grafana here. So let me pass this live streaming and cancel this. Now, similarly, the developer can look for any container like for Cod micro service. He should be able to see the cards, micro service related logs and very similarly he should be able to see the logs related to Eureka Server Micro Service. If we can scroll down here, all the logs and there is also a information about the logs volume at what time there are too many logs present. So right now you can see just a few minutes back we tested many APIs. That's why the logs at this point of time we have very high number of logs, whereas at the remaining time we have very less number of logs apart from container logs. We can also search for a specific text inside your micro service logs. For example, if I go to the Gateway Server Micro Service here, we have so many logs, but I'm interested with the logs that has these easy bank correlation ID. So let me copy this and go to the top. And here I'm going to select the option which is line contains and mention the same and click on this run query. Now you can see I have the logs only, which has a text which is easy bank correlation id. Similarly, I have many other options like line does not contain line contains case sensitive case insensitive, some regex match and line filter expression. So there are many options and. With this. Now we are making our life easy. Think of inside your production. You have 100 microservices for all such microservices. You can use Grafana Loki and promptly and with the help of Grafana, you can search any number of logs in any microservice. Have I done any changes inside my microservices? As a developer, I didn't make even one line change inside my microservice. All of these log aggregation are centralized. Logging is happening automatically with the help of Grafana Loki and prompt. And here you may have a question like We are able to use these tools like Grafana Loki and prompt cells inside our containers. How about inside my local system when I'm trying to do local development with the help of IntelliJ idea? So for local development, you don't need to have all this complex setup because you know inside your local system always you can find the logs inside the ID itself under the console tab and if needed, you can put breakpoints, you can try to debug them. So this solution, whatever we have implemented, this is not for the local development and of course for local testing and debugging. We have full control with the help of IntelliJ idea. So that's why always set up these inside your dev environment, environment and production environment. And of course when you try to setup this in production environment, you may need to take the help from your platform team to configure some cloud storage. As of now, all the logs that we generated is getting saved inside the Minio inside our local system itself. I can also show you the same. So here you can see I came to my workspace location. I'm going to navigate to the section, underscore 11 and post that Docker compose. And after that I'm going to navigate into the prod because inside the prod profile only we have made all the changes related to Grafana Loki and prompt. So here you can see there is a folder created with the name Dot data and inside this and there are other folders related to Loki data and Loki ruler. So the same folder which is dot data we mounted into the Docker container using volumes. So let me show you the same configuration. So if you can search for Dot data, you can see under Minio service we have mounted the local folder which is dot data Minio to the container by copying into your folder with the name data. So whatever logs that are saved inside my local folder, they will get copied or mounted immediately to this folder present inside my docker container. But in real production applications we can leverage cloud storage systems like AWS, S3 or any other cloud systems. That way we can store any amount of logs for any number of microservices. I hope you are clear with the demo that we discussed. As of now, we targeted one of the pillar of observability and monitoring, which is logs. So without making any changes inside my microservices, now I'm able to store all my logs inside a centralized location which will help my developers in understanding the inner state of my microservices. So let's try to focus on metrics from the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.