As of now, we discussed about one of the pillar of observability and monitoring, which is logging. Inside this lecture, let me give you a quick introduction about the second pillar of observability and monitoring, which is metrics. Do you think by using logs alone, we can monitor our applications? Off course not, because with the help of event logs, we can only try to understand what happened under a specific scenario or under a specific method. With the help of the logs, we can't understand what is the overall health of my accounts microservice or any other microservice. So to properly monitor our microservices, we need to understand metrics details like what is the CPU usage, what is the memory usage, what is the heap dump usage, what are the threads, connections, errors. So there are many metrics that are available to properly monitor our applications. So that's why we need to make sure we are also collecting the metrics and using the same metrics. We need to build the dashboards so that operations team, they can always monitor our microservices. Like we discussed before, matrixs represents numerical measurements of an application performance. So these metrics we need to collect and aggregate at regular intervals so that we can use them to monitor the applications health and performance. And if needed, we can set alerts or notifications when a specific threshold is exceeded. So how to achieve this with the help of components like Spring Boot Actuator, Micrometer, Prometheus and Grafana? So let's try to understand what is the role played by each of these components. The very first component that is responsible to generate the metrics inside a microservice instance is spring boot actuator. As of now, we have added spring boot actuator in all the microservices. So whenever we add this dependency inside our spring boot microservice, my spring boot actuator is going to expose all the metrics related to the application. The same we can also try to understand by navigating to the path which is /actuator/metrics and this metrics actuator path, there will be many metrics that can help you to monitor your microservice instance. These metrics that are exposed by the actuator is going to help you to monitor your microservice instance. But do you think it is a feasible option for me to navigate to all the actuator URLs of all my microservice instances every time to understand the overall health of a particular microservice instance? Off course that is going to be a super, super tedious job. If I have 100 different microservices running with different number of instances navigating each of these instance actuator is going to be super, super tedious job. That's why we need to make sure there is a component which is responsible to extract and aggregate all the metrics from the microservices instances running inside my Microservice network. We have such component already inside the open source. The component is Prometheus, but the Prometheus cannot understand the metrics provided by the actuator because actuator exposes the metrics information in a Json format which we can easily understand as humans, since the same format cannot be understand by the Prometheus, we need to use micrometer. So what is the purpose of this micrometer? Micrometer automatically exposes the actuator/metricsdata into a format that a particular monitoring system can understand. We, as a developer, we need to simply add the vendor specific micrometer dependency inside the application and post that the micrometer is going to take care of exposing the metrics information in a format that you are monitoring system can understand. So here, since we decided to use Prometheus, we need to add the dependency related to micrometer and Prometheus. And micrometer is going to take care of exposing all your metrics in a format that Prometheus can understand. So this micrometer is very similar to SLF4J, but SLF4J is a fact pattern which will help us in implementing a lot of other logging frameworks. Just like SLF4J for logging, we can assume micrometer is for the metrics. So this is the website of micrometer. You can see it is going to act as a vendor neutral application observability facade. So what is a facade ? We have a design pattern with the name fact design pattern. So what is the purpose of fact design pattern? It is going to deploy a front facing interface that will handle a lot of complexity behind the scenes. We as a client, we can simply use this front  facing interface to make our life easy. So behind the scenes, this observability can expose the metrics based upon different, different vendors. One such vendor is Prometheus. If you can scroll down, it is going to support many other vendors like App Optics, Azure Monitor, Cloudwatch, Datadog, Dynatrace, Elastic, Graphite, Opentelemetry, Prometheus. So behind the scenes it is going to support all these vendors. As a developer, I don't need to worry how my micrometer is going to expose that metrics information based upon the product I choose. We simply need to add the dependency of micrometer that is specific to a vendor and behind the scenes micrometer is going to do a lot of job for you. So this is very similar to SLF4J.  What is SLF4J ?. The expansion of SLF4J is, Simple Logging Framework for Java. So inside Java there are many logging frameworks like with the help of Java util logging, we can do logging and very similarly we have log forge, log back. There are many logging frameworks and sometimes we as a developer, if we want to use many logging framework inside our application, we don't need to handle all such complexity. Instead, we can simply use the SLF4J which is going to act as a backend for all your logging frameworks. With the help of SLF4J, we can easily implement any kind of logging frameworks inside your web application without worrying about the complexities involved. I hope you are clear about what is micrometer. Once my micrometer exposes the metric information, my Prometheus is going to regularly export that metrics information from my individual microservice containers using the same metrics that my Prometheus exported, it is going to consolidate all of them into a single place. So this is very similar to Loki. So what is the job of Loki? With the help of Loki, we are trying to aggregate the logs, whereas with the help of Prometheus we are going to aggregate the metrics of all your containers and microservices. So let's try to understand more details about Prometheus. Prometheus is an open source product which is going to help you to collect all the metrics from the respective containers and microservices. We can also try to build the dashboards, graphs, which will help us to monitor our microservices. So it is a open source monitoring solution. I'm going to show you a demo of Prometheus in the coming lectures, but for now, please note that Prometheus is going to collect the metrics from the individual microservice and it is going to store all of them in a single location, which we can monitor easily with the help of UI provided by the Prometheus. After the Prometheus, we should also integrate Prometheus with the Grafana. Here you may have a question like what is the need of Grafana when we already have Prometheus which will help us to monitor our microservices? I agree with you, but Prometheus has certain limitations. We cannot build very complex dashboards and we cannot create alerts and notifications with the Prometheus alone. When we integrate Prometheus with Grafana, we can build a lot of dashboards and apart from dashboards we can also create alerts and notifications. That's why we need to make sure we are integrating Prometheus with the Grafana. Just like how we integrated Loki with the Grafana. Very similarly, we are going to integrate Prometheus with Grafana and using the metrics present inside the Prometheus, we are going to build the dashboard. I hope you are clear. Like what is the role played by each of these components like Actuator, micrometer, Prometheus and Grafana? Let's try to implement these components inside our microservices and see how these components are going to help us to monitor our applications. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.