Inside this lecture, let's try to implement the changes related to the micrometer inside our microservices. We as a developer, we don't need to write a lot of business logic or a lot of Java logic. We just need to simply add the dependency related to Micrometer and Prometheus inside our applications. And with that we should be good. So let's try to implement the same inside this lecture. For the same, first, I'm going to open the pom.xml of accounts microservice. So inside this pom.xml, just after the actuator dependency, I'm going to create a new dependency with a group ID as io.micrometer. After mentioning this group ID, we can also mention the artifact ID. The artifact ID is going to be micrometer-registry -prometheus. By simply adding this dependency, we are telling to the micrometer to expose the actuator metrics in a format that my Prometheus can understand. In  future, if your organization decides to go with some other monitoring system other than Prometheus, then you just need to change the artifactId, and with that you should be good. So let me save this changes and do a maven reload. I'm going to copy the same dependency and mention the same inside all the pom.xml of other microservices. I'm going to do this behind the scenes just to save some time. Behind the scenes, I have added these dependency inside all the microservices. As a next step, I'm going to introduce one new property inside the application.yml. So let me go to the accounts application.yml file. Inside this file I'm going to add a new property under the management and this property is related to metrics. So let me paste the same as a child under the management and this property is metrics, tags, application and what is the application name. So we're trying to assign a value from the property which is spring.application.name. If you can scroll up here, we have a property with the same key like spring.application.name with the value as accounts. So at the runtime the value accounts will be assigned to these property. So here you may have a question like what is the purpose of this property? With the help of this property we are telling to the micrometer and Prometheus, please group all my metrics related to the accounts microservice under the application name, which is accounts. This is going to help you to identify the metrics of each of the microservice. Otherwise you cannot really identify which metrics belongs to which microservice. So that's the purpose of this property. Behind the scenes, I'm going to add these property inside the application.yml of all the microservices. Now I have added this property inside all the microservices. As a next step I'm going to do a clean build. Once the build is completed, we can try to start all our microservices. The very first service that we need to start is config server. So here I'm trying to start my config server. Once the config server is started, I'm going to start the Eureka server. So let me try to start my Eureka server. And once the Eureka server is started we can start accounts, loans and cards microservice. So here I'm trying to first start my accounts microservice parallelly I can also try to start cards microservice as well. After the cards, microservice I'm going to start my loans microservice. So let me start my loans microservice by going to the class, which is LoansApplication. Once all my accounts, cards and LoansApplication started successfully, I can try to start my GatewayserverApplication. So here I'm trying to start my GatewayserverApplication. Now, as a next step, we can try to understand the actuator URLs of all the microservices and see how the micrometer is exposing the metrics information. For the same, Let me go to the browser. Inside the browser, first, I'm going to open the actuator URL of accounts microservice. My accounts microservice started at the port 8080. After mentioning this base path of actuator. I'm going to mention the path which is metrics. So if I try to access this, you should be able to see all the metrics exposed by my actuator. So there are good amount of metrics. Suppose if you want to understand a specific metric like maybe CPU usage, you can copy this metric and mention the same inside the URL, which is localhost 8080 followed by actuator, followed by metrics. After metrics we can mention what is the metric name. So you can see I am getting the details about a metrics which is CPU usage of accounts microservice. So this is a value. As of now, the CPU usage is 0.0. Very similarly, if I try to understand process uptime, I can go and mention the same inside url after the Matrix and it will give the what is the process of time? Like my accounts microservice is up and running without any issues from last one 72 seconds. If I try to refresh the number will change. This way we can also try to understand each of the metric of each microservice instance. Do you think it is going to be feasible for me to look all these metrics manually by using the port number of all the microservices instances. It is not going to be feasible option. That's why we are going to expose all these metrics information to Prometheus. So when we add the dependency related to Micrometer and Prometheus inside our microservice, the micrometer is going to expose a URL which is /actuator/prometheus. So let me invoke this Prometheus URL. So you can see here these are all the metrics, information which are present inside a format that that my Prometheus can understand. So there is lot of information here. So my Prometheus is going to invoke this API path for every five seconds or every 10s or every one minute based upon your configurations inside the Prometheus. Similarly, it is also going to invoke the same path against all the microservice instances. So let's go and validate other microservice URLs as well. So 8090 I'm trying to invoke this confirms for loans also it is working. Now I'll go and try to invoke for cards at the port 9000. So for cards also it is working. Let me do the same for port number 8070 and at 8070 we have Eureka Server. So it is also working fine. Now I'll try to invoke 8071 where we have deployed our config server and at last I'm going to invoke 8072 port as well where we have Gatewayserver running. With this all our microservices now they are exposing the actuator metrics in a format that can be understand by the Prometheus with the help of micrometer. I hope you are clear with the changes. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.