As of now, our microservices are exposing the matrics information in a format that my Prometheus can understand. Inside this lecture, let's try to set up Prometheus and integrate the same with the Grafana and post that we can also see some demo with the help of Docker compose. So to get started with these changes, first let me stop all the running instances inside my local system. After this I'm going to open the observability folder that we have inside the Docker compose. As of now we have defined the configurations related to loki and promptail. Very similarly, I'm going to create a new folder which is specific to Prometheus. Inside this Prometheus folder, I'm going to paste a Prometheus configuration related file. So let me paste the same here. The Yaml file is going to be prometheus.yml. Let's try to understand what is present inside these prometheus.yml. So here we are making some global configurations for our Prometheus with this crap interval and evaluation interval I'm telling to my Prometheus. Please fetch the metrics from the individual microservice containers every five seconds and using the same metrics, try to evaluate and try to show the metrics inside the Prometheus dashboards for every five seconds. So that means the metrics will be fetched every five seconds and using the same metrics, the data or the graphs inside the Prometheus is going to be reevaluated for every five seconds. So these are the global configurations. Now, after defining these configurations, my Prometheus next question will be what are the details of microservice instances, using which I can fetch the metric details. For the same, we need to define these scrap configs. Under this scrap configs, we can define any number of jobs, so each job will have the details like job name, what is a metric path, what is the static configs and what are the targets. The job name I kept like accounts, loans and cards gateway server. So based upon the microservice name. Accordingly, I have mentioned the job name now coming to the metrics path since the actuator and micrometer, they are going to expose the metrics information using the path actuator/prometheus. We need to mention the same. Under the static configs we need to mention what are the list of targets or what are the list of instances running under accounts microservice. As of now we have only single instance which is running at the port 8080. And here I'm not mentioning the local host because inside the Docker compose file the service name of accounts microservice we have mentioned as accounts. The same thing we have to mention here. Because we are going to start the Prometheus using the Docker compose inside the same network and my Prometheus can interact with my microservice instances based upon the service name. So very similarly, I have mentioned for loans for loans, the port number is going to be 8090 and and the service name is going to be loans. So the same kind of configuration you can see for cards gatewayserver, eurekaserver and configserver. So these kind of configurations, you can easily identify inside the official documentation of Prometheus. So once we define these configurations related to Prometheus as a next step, I'm going to open the Docker compose file present inside the prod profile. As of now, inside this Docker compose file only we have set up loki, grafana, promptail, Minio all the services we have set up. So here just above the Grafana I'm going to create a new service related to the Prometheus. So let me copy paste a few lines of configurations here. You can also get these configurations from the GitHub location. So as of now you can see I'm trying to create a new service with the name Prometheus. And the image it is going to use is from Prometheus and this is the version number. So the container name is going to be Prometheus and it is going to expose at the port 9090. Now coming to the volumes, whatever prometheus.yml file that we have created previously. We are trying to copy that into the Docker container at this location. So that during the startup my Prometheus container is going to look for this Yaml file. And based upon the configurations that we have mentioned here, it is going to set up the Prometheus server. And since we need to make sure we are starting the Prometheus inside the same network where the other microservices and components started. So I'm extending this file and service name which is network-deploy-service. With this we have Prometheus setup inside our Docker compose file. As a next step, we need to establish a link between Prometheus and Grafana. If you can scroll down under grafana. Previously with these Entrypoint command, we are trying to create a file with the name ds.yml. Under this Yaml file, we have mentioned data source related to Loki. Very similarly, we need to make sure we are mentioning Prometheus related data source details inside the ds.yml, but mentioning all those configurations here. Is going to make my Docker compose file very lengthy. So what I can do is, I can create a folder inside the obserbility with the name Grafana. So let me go to the observability and here I'm going to create a folder with the name Grafana and this Grafana I'm going to paste a new Yaml file which has data source details. So let me paste this yaml file. The Yaml file name is going to be datasource.yml. Let's try to understand what is there inside this datasource.yml file. First, I'm trying to mention this API version one, which is a standard that we need to follow post that I'm going to delete any existing data sources with the same name like Prometheus and Loki. After that, under this data source I have created two data source, one with the Prometheus and the second one is with the name Loki. So if you try to understand under the Prometheus I have mentioned the type as Prometheus and I'm trying to give some unique ID for this connection. The name is going to be Prometheus itself. Now, coming to the URL, I have to mention the URL where my Prometheus is going to start. If you go and check my Docker compose file under Prometheus configurations we have mentioned the port mapping as 1990 with the service name Prometheus. Since Grafana also is going to start inside the same network, we need to make sure the same here, like Prometheus 1990 and post this URL we need to mention all these properties which you can configure further based upon your own project requirements. So I'm trying to disable all authentication everything. After Prometheus you can see we have Loki related data source configurations. As of now we have these Loki connection details inside that Docker compose file as well. Like if you go and check the Grafana Entrypoint command, we are trying to create a directory and inside the directory we are trying to create a ds.yml and post that we are trying to mention the Loki related configuration. Since we are already mentioning these inside the datasource.yml, we can remove all these configurations. After removing all these configurations we need to make sure we are providing the information about these datasource.yml. So for the same I'm going to create some volume related configurations. You can see using the volumes, I'm trying to copy the datasource.yml file into the container at this path. So the grafana is going to look for this and based upon the details that we have mentioned here, it is going to set up the connection details with the Loki and Prometheus. With these, we have made the required changes inside the Docker compose Yaml file to set up the Prometheus and integrate the same with the Grafana. Let's try to continue the same discussion in the next lecture and see the demo of Prometheus and grafana. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.