Now inside this lecture, let's see the demo of Prometheus. For the same, we can try to start all our containers with the help of this Docker compose file. But do you think we can straight away start our containers? Think about it. Off course we can add start the containers directly because as of now the micrometer related code changes that we have done inside the application.yml and the pom.xml are present inside my local workspace only. To test these changes with the help of Docker compose file. We need to make sure we are regenerating the Docker images with the latest changes that we have done. Behind the scenes, I have generated the Docker image for all the microservices with the tag S11. If you are following with me, please make sure you are also generating these Docker images again after making the micrometer related code changes. Since now I have the most updated Docker images. I can go and start my applications with the help of Docker compose file. For the same, first, let me clean the terminal here. Here first I need to navigate into the Docker compose folder and post that into the prod profile. At this location I'm going to run the command which is docker compose up -d. So this is going to take some time, like 1 to 2 minutes. So let's wait for the services to start completely. After two minutes seems all my containers started successfully. Let me go to the Docker desktop and confirm the same. Inside the Docker desktop you can see all my containers right now are in the running status. Please make sure the new Docker container that we are trying to use, which is Prometheus, is started successfully. You can see it is right now running at the Port 1990. Post that you can confirm if the Gateway server started successfully. So this confirms me that the gateway server started successfully. We can go ahead and test the changes related to Micrometer and Prometheus. So first I will try to randomly test one of the actuator URL related to Prometheus. So I'm trying to invoke the Prometheus URL which is available against the accounts microservice. You can see I'm getting the successful response even inside the Docker container environment. As a next step, I'm going to open the localhost 1990, which is the Prometheus port number. After the port number, I'm going to mention targets. If you try to invoke this path, you should be able to see all the running containers information inside your Prometheus dashboard. If I try to click on this unhealthy, there are no unhealthy instances. And similarly, if you click on this all, it will show all the containers or the microservices that are being monitored by the Prometheus. So if I click on this collapse all you can see there are six containers running like accounts, cards, configserver, eurekaserver, gatewayserver and loans. From this single page related to Prometheus, we are able to see what is the overall status of all of our applications. If I want to know more details, I can click any one of them by using this show more option. And here you can see the status is up. What is the label information? What is the job information that we have configured behind the scenes with the help of Prometheus configurations. Now, after validating these targets, we can also see the other metrics. So let me go to the graphs. Here I can search for some of the metrics like CPU usage. So there is some metric with the name system, CPU usage. So if I try to click on this execute button first, I'll get all the table information like inside accounts under the instance 8080, what is the CPU usage value. And similarly for other microservices, if I want to see this in a beautiful graph, I can click on this graph option and here you can see we have a graph. So let me try to reduce the time frame to 15 minutes and post that I will try to zoom out the page. So here you can see we are able to see the graph of all the microservices. If you try to hover on these each of these microservice, the graph related to that particular microservice will be highlighted. You can see I'm trying to hover and the graph related to a particular microservice is being highlighted. And very similarly, we also have other styles of graph. If you try to click on this other option, the graph will show in a different style. As of now you can see the graph is showing the CPU usage from all the microservices. If you are looking for a CPU usage of a specific microservice, you can click on the same and that will show the metric information from a particular microservice. As of now I'm trying to see the accounts microservice related metric. Similarly, if I try to click on the other one, the same will be shown. So this way we can search any number of metrics. Right now you can see I'm trying to use the system CPU usage. Very similar if you try to look for other kind of information like process uptime seconds, this will show you the what is the uptime of your microservices like from how many seconds your particular microservice is up and running. So this kind of information also we can see here with the help of these graphs. So please try to look for other metrics like you can also look for connection details. And very similarly, we can also look for threads information related metrics. So based upon your requirements, you can look for the specific metric. And inside this graph we can see the overall metric information of all the microservices containers. These graphs are going to display the data of all the microservices, not related to a specific instance or a specific microservice. By default, they are going to give the metrics information from all the microservices. If needed you can select on one of them to see the more details about a specific microservice. If you don't know what are the metrics available inside the Prometheus, and if you want to check what are all the metrics available inside Prometheus, you can click on this globe icon that you have. So if I try to click on this, it will open the Metrics Explorer. And here you should be able to see the list of all the metrics that are being tracked by the Prometheus with the help of micrometer. So based upon your requirements, you can try to invoke any of the metrics. I hope this is clear. Let me close this pop up. For some reason, if you don't like this dark theme, you can also disable this by clicking on this icon. So with this you should be able to see all the graphs with the different different colors clearly. So you can see as of now, I'm trying to see the process uptime second from last one hour. If needed, you can try to reduce this timeframe, which will help you to understand your graph even more clearly. I hope you are clear about the capabilities of Prometheus, how we are able to see all our metrics with the help of Prometheus. As a next step, we can go to the targets here which will show you the list of all containers running with their health status. You can see all my containers are in healthy status. There is no unhealthy container. We also have checkboxes here like unknown, unhealthy and healthy. So if I click on this healthy, it will show all the healthy containers. And as of now, we don't have any unhealthy and unknown. I can try to kill one of the container and see how it is going to affect this dashboard. So inside my Docker desktop, I came to the Containers page and here I'm going to kill cards microservice. So let me select this and click and this top button and this will stop my cards microservice and behind the scenes, my Prometheus might be looking for the metrics from cards microservice, and if we don't receive the response, it will mark these cards microservice as unhealthy. So let's try to validate the same inside the dashboard. So let me refresh this page. So this time you can see the cards microservice is showing in a red color, which means it will come under the unhealthy. So if I try to click on this show more, the overall status is down because when my Prometheus is trying to send a request to this URL, it is not getting any response. With an error no such host. Now let me bring back my cards microservice. I'm trying to click on this start button. This will start my cards microservice successfully. Once your cards microservice started successfully maybe after ten 15 seconds you can go to the Prometheus dashboard here. I will try to refresh this page and this time you can see under unhealthy we don't have any container. So let me click on this all button and now you can see the overall card status healthy is showing as up. So this means the Prometheus is continuously monitoring the overall health of your microservice. If you are interested, you can also look for the specific micrometer by going to the graph tab and searching for the metric that you are interested. With this limited functionality, you should be able to monitor your microservices. But for bigger organizations or the complex projects where they are trying to run the critical applications, inside their production environment, whatever Prometheus provides may not be sufficient. That's where organizations will try to integrate Prometheus with the Grafana because with the help of Grafana, we we can build dashboards of complex in nature. As of now, with the graph option that we have here, we should be able to track only a few limited information but not about the many other metrics. That's why we need to integrate Prometheus with the Grafana. We already did that with the help of data source configuration inside the Grafana. So as a next step, let's try to explore the integration between Grafana and Prometheus in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.