Inside this lecture, let's see the demo of integration between the Grafana and Prometheus. For the same, let me open the Grafana. The Grafana started at the Port 3000, so let me invoke the same. So here we have the Grafana homepage. If you try to open this menu here, there is an option of connections. Under the connections, you can create a new connection or you can check the existing connections under the data sources. So you can see as of now, we created two connections Loki and Prometheus. We saw the demo previously using Loki, we're able to search the logs inside the Grafana. Very similarly, using Prometheus, we can also search and build dashboards with the help of Prometheus. So if we can click on this Prometheus tab here you will have all the details that you have given inside the datasource.yml file that we have created under the observability and Grafana folder. So using the same content, the connections are going to be created. The URL of Prometheus is Prometheus 1990. With this, the connection between Prometheus and Grafana is going to work. As a next step let me go to the home and click on this Explore button. Under this Explore page you can see we have various data source details like Loki and Prometheus. With the Loki, we can search the logs, whereas with Prometheus we can try to search the metrics information. So here under the metric, I'm going to select the metric related to system CPU usage and post that I will select the label as application. And if needed, you can select which microservice related information you want to check. As of now, I want to check the information from all the microservices, so I will try to run this query. And with that you will get a beautiful graph with the time period of last one hour. If I try to change this to 15 minutes, the graph will be updated accordingly. You can see each color represents a single microservice. This is for accounts and very similarly, this is for cards, configserver, eurekaserver loans and gatewayserver. If you want to check all of them at once, you can unselect all of them with that it will show the information from all the microservices. Here inside the Grafana you also have various options like using lines you can see the graphs and very similarly using bars, using points, using stack lines and using stacked bars. So it is up to you which style you want to use. This way we can search any number of metrics. For example, I can try to create one more query with the help of this add query button. This time I'm going to look for the metric with the name up and select label as job and post that I'm going to run the query and now if you go and check the graph, it will have the combined information of two metrics, the same it will be very clear if you go to the lines. So here this line, which is at the top, indicates the metric related to the up, whereas whatever graph that you see in the down that indicates the metric related to the system CPU usage. So you can try to add as many metrics as you want, but it is always recommended to search one metric at a time, so that it will be more clear for you. I hope you are clear, like how the integration between the Prometheus and Grafana is going to work. So the Grafana is more matured project. It can help you to visualize your metrics better than Prometheus. Inside this lecture we just saw the demo of Grafana and Prometheus, but the story is not going to end here. There is more to Grafana and Prometheus, so let's continue that discussion in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.