Inside this lecture, let me show you the more capabilities of Grafana and Prometheus together. For the same, I came to the Prometheus website. If you can click on this, get started and go to the visualization tab here there is an option of Grafana. Inside this Grafana page there is information about how to install grafana, how to create a prometheus data source inside Grafana and post that how to create a Prometheus graph with the help of Grafana. All these details we already explored. Now, as a next step, let's go and explore the pre-built dashboards from grafana. Here you can see there is a link which is going to redirect you to the Grafana dashboard webpage. So Grafana team and other open source team members, they built a lot of dashboards which you can try to set up inside your own Grafana instance based upon your requirements. We can see here there are many graphs based upon the component that you are trying to use accordingly, you can set up these graphs. Like you can visualize your jira data, MongoDB, Kubernetes, Datadog data. So there are a lot of inbuilt graphs. But right now we are more interested about the graphs related to the Java ecosystem. So here we can try to search for JVM. With that, you will be able to see some JVM related dashboards. So try to look for a graph which has more number of downloads. So if you see the very first dashboard, it has more than 5 million downloads. So let me click on this. Now as a next step so there will be details on this page about these dashboard. We can take this endpoint URL and go to our Grafana application. So here I'm going to click on this home and post that since we are trying to build a dashboards that we want to see again and again, we need to make sure we are logged in into the grafana. For the same, you can click on this sign in button and enter the default credentials, which is admin and the password also admin. So let me click on this login button and it is going to recommend you to change the password. For now, I'm going to skip this. As a next step, we can go to the menu and here, as of now there are no dashboards. I'm going to click on this new and import and mention the URL that we have copied. So let me click on this load button. As a next step, we need to make sure we are providing the Prometheus data source details by selecting the correct option inside this dropdown. With this, we can click on this import button. Now you can see I have a dashboard. Let me try to change this to last five minutes. Now you can see I'm able to see a lot of good information with the help of this dashboard. As of now, I'm trying to look at the metrics of accounts microservice with an instance details of accounts 8080. So this is the uptime. This is a start time. This is a heap use, this is a non heap use. What is the duration, utilization, errors information, JVM, heap, JVM non heap. What is the threads information? What is the CPU usage? What is a log events? What is the garbage collector pressure? We also have JVM memory details like Eden Space, survivor space, Tenured Gen. So there is lot of information available inside these dashboard. I didn't build this dashboard. I'm trying to leverage one of the dashboard built by the open source community and the Grafana team. So this is beauty of Grafana and Prometheus. If I want to understand the details of other microservice, I can go to the other microservice like cards and select the corresponding instance. And with that I'll be able to get the details related to the cards microservice inside this dashboard. So let's try to create one more dashboard. So that it will be more clear for you. So let me go to this dashboards. Before that, let me save this dashboard by clicking on the save button. Now you can see I have a one dashboard with the name JVM Micrometer. Similarly, I'm going to click on this new button and click on this import. This time we can try to look for another useful dashboard inside the Grafana website. So I'll go to all dashboards. Inside the all dashboards, this time I'm going to search for something with the name Spring Boot. And with that we'll have some dashboards here. This JVM micrometer we already set up. Now I'll try to use this dashboard, which is Spring Boot 2.1 system monitor because it has more than 492 K downloads. So let me click on this copy this endpoint URL, and I'll go to the grafana. Inside the Grafana we just need to paste the URL that we have configured and click on this load button. After that, we need to select what is the Prometheus data source. Once we selected the Prometheus data source, I can click on this import button. With this you can see I got a different dashboard with the name Spring Boot 2.1 system monitor here as of now you can see it is trying to show you the last two one hour data. We can try to change this to last 15 minutes and try to see all the details available inside these dashboard. If needed, you can look for other microservices information and based upon your selection, the metrics information will be refreshed on this dashboard. Are you seeing the power of Grafana and Prometheus here? How helpful they are to monitor your microservices? I hope you are understanding this now as a next step, let's try to understand how to create our own dashboards. Sometimes you may want to create your own dashboard based upon your own requirements. For the same, we can go back to the dashboards here click on this new option and there will be an option new dashboard. Inside this new dashboard here as of now you can see this new dashboard is empty. First, let me try to save this dashboard by giving a name, saying that easybank and I'm going to store that inside the folder General. So let me save that post that I'm going to click on this add option. And first I will try to create a row element inside my dashboard. So let me click on this row and to this row I'm going to give some title by clicking on these settings. And the title row I want to give is Accounts Microservice. Because under this row I'm going to have all the metrics related to the accounts microservice. So let me click on this update with that the row panel name is updated as a next step. I can go to the Add button and click on Add Visualization here. First, I'll try to give what is the name of this panel, so maybe I'll give as uptime for this uptime panel, let me select the data source like Prometheus and look for the metric with the name time and will be an metric with the name process_uptime_seconds. So let me select the same and select the label as application and value as accounts microservice. Since I'm trying to build a dashboard for my accounts microservice with this right now we are seeing the uptime metric detail of accounts microservice. If you don't like this graph, you can click on this time series option, which we have by default. If you open this dropdown, there are many other options like bar charts and very similarly we have statistic and gauge and post that there is a bar gauge and very similarly we have pie chart. But I'm fine with these time series for these metrics. So let me save this and post that we can click on this apply as well. Now you can see there is a panel created with the name Uptime. I want to bring this panel under accounts microservice row. For the same, we can simply drag and paste it here. Now, if you try to close and open this accounts microservice row, there is one panel inside it. Very similarly we can try to create one more visualization. This time I'm going to select the data source as Prometheus and the metric as up. For this metric up, the label filter is going to be job and what is the value, the value is going to be accounts and the panel title I'll give it as up. This will indicate whether my microservice is up and running or it is in stopped status. After giving this title if needed you can explore, there are many other options in this page. I will go with the default values but coming to the graph style I will use something related to gauge. So that it will show me this up value with the help of these gauge style of graph. So let me click on this apply. Now you can see I got two panels. The new panel came just above the accounts Microservice Row. I can try to drag this to the right hand side. Now if I try to open and close, you should be able to see there are two panels under my accounts microservice. This way by adding any number of rows and panels, we can create our own custom dashboards. Grafana itself is a very big topic. Usually the platform team or operations team, they should learn everything about grafana. But we as a developers, we should be fine with these basics that we have discussed inside this course. But if you are interested to learn more about Grafana and other components inside Grafana, please, please enroll into your course that covers Grafana in detail. Now I can click on the save button and post that I will go back to the dashboards. And with this you can see there are three dashboards. So with these dashboards, any time any team member or any operations team member, they can quickly come here and they can try to understand what is the overall health of our microservice. So I hope you are clear how we are going to monitor with these dashboards. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.