Inside this lecture, let me show you how to trigger alerts or notifications from Grafana whenever a condition is met. So in order to trigger alerts or notifications, we need to go to this menu. And here there is an option of alerting. So let me click on this post that you can go to these alert rules. As of now, we don't have any rule configured. Let me click on this create_alert rule and I'm going to give a name for this rule. So the rule name is going to be accounts, because using this rule, I want to monitor my accounts microservice. And post that, please select the Grafana managed alert because we want the Grafana to manage the alerts. And if we can scroll down on this page, we need to provide what is the criteria that Grafana needs to consider to trigger an alert. For the same under the data source, I'm going to select Prometheus because we want to trigger an alert based upon a metric available inside the Prometheus data source. So let me select the same and post that under the select metric, I'm going to look for the metric with the name up. This metric is going to tell me whether my application is up and running or not. After this metric, I'm going to select the label as job and the value as accounts microservice. Because we want to monitor our accounts microservice. After this, if we can scroll down, there is a reduce option and a threshold option. First, we need to understand how we want to trigger an alert. So if you see under the reduce, there are various options like whether we want to send based upon minimum value or maximum value or a mean or some or count or average. So there are many options here. But I want to select the function which is Last. Based upon the last value, I want to generate a alert. So that's why let me select this and you can see for this function Last, we are providing the input data from the A, so A means this is a query section where we have written and the mode we can leave it as strict. Now coming to the see, which is we can define a threshold. So based upon the number given by the B, which is reduce function, I want to define a threshold like whenever my value is below one, then I want to trigger an alert. You can see for this threshold panel there is alert condition highlighted. That means based upon this threshold value, only the alert is going to be triggered. With this, we have created all the criteria to generate a alert. So do you know why I have given these IS BELOW less than one. Because whenever my application is up and running, the metric up will give the value as one. Whereas if the microservice is down, the value is going to be zero. With this, we have defined all the conditions for our alert. Let me scroll down and here we need to assign this alert into a folder. So as of now I don't have any folder. Let me create a folder with the name accounts. So that I can keep all the accounts related alerts inside this folder. Post that we should also assign this alert to a group. So let me create a group with the name accounts itself. Once we have mentioned this group, we need to mention the evaluation interval. Like how frequently we want the alert to be evaluated by grafana. So by default you can see the alert is going to be evaluated for every one minute. Since we want to test this alert very quickly, we can make this as five seconds by mentioning 5s and after that you can see for 5m. So what is this for 5m indicates. With this for 5m, we are telling to the grafana instead of throwing the alert at the very first time, we want the grafana to monitor the alert for next to five minutes. So be on five minutes, if the alert is not at resolved, then only we want to send the notification. So that's what we are trying to achieve with this default value 5m, but we don't want to wait for 5m to receive the notifications. I can make this as 20s. After this if you can scroll down, we can provide what is a summary of the alert or the description. If someone receives this alert, they should know what is this alert about? So I can mention something like Account service is down and inside the description I will say something funny like please do something. So with this I have mentioned the summary and description. Let me scroll down and here we have notifications section we can leave this blank and go to the top and click on this Save rule and exit. So let me click on this. Seems we can't define 5s because the minimum is 10s. So let me mention the same like 10s and the evaluation period i will keep it as 30s. With that, let me try to save this rule and exit. Now you can see my alert rule is created and it is in normal state. Because right now my accounts microservice is running and it is going to be evaluated every 10s for a period of 30s. Beyond 30s if the alert is not resolved, it is going to trigger a notification. Since we want this alert to be notified to someone else, we need to go to these contact points under these contact points, by default, there is an option which is grafana-default-email. So whenever the alert is triggered, it is going to send an email to the emails that you have configured. So to configure emails you can click on this edit button and here you can mention your sample email value. But this email option will not work as of now for us because in order to send emails with the help of Grafana, we need to provide the smtp details so we don't want to follow that complex process. Instead, I'm going to look for other contact point options that we have. So let me click on these Add contact point. And here, let's see what are the options that we have. Under the integration, if you can open this dropdown, there are many other options like Cisco Webex Teams, DingDing, Discord, Email, Google Hangouts Chat, Kafka REST Proxy LINE. Microsoft Teams, Pagerduty, Pushover, Sense Go, Slack Telegram. So there are many options, but I want to go with a webhook option. So let me select this webhook and I'll give the name as EasyBankWebhook. So to this we need to provide an webhook URL, but as of now we don't have any webhook setup, so let's try to create the same. For the same, I came to the website which is hockeydb.com. We have used this previously also. here let me click on this test webhook button and this will give me a sample webhook URL. So let me copy this webhook url and mention the same inside the grafana. So I'm trying to mention the same inside the grafana and this URL. Post that I can click on this test button which will send a sample test notification. So the test alert sent successfully. We can also validate that by going to the hook Deck website. So here it is going to take few seconds time to receive the notification. You can see I got a sample webhook. Under the request you can see we received the details like firing, test alert grafana. So this confirms the grafana is able to send the test alert to my webhook URL. So let me save this contact point post that we can go to the network policies. As of now, you can see by default all alerts are going to be delivered to the email option. I want to change this to webhook. For the same, we can click on the settings and post that select the edit option. So here the default contact point will change to easy bank webhook and coming to that timing options these are the default values that my grafana will follow whenever it is trying to send the alerts. Like  there is a group wait of 30s group interval of five minutes and repeat interval of four hours. So what is the purpose of these timing options? If my alert is triggered, I don't want my alerts to be continuous triggered. That will send a lot of emails or notifications to my audience. So that's why they have mentioned these default values, like four hours, like the waiting time to resend an alert after they have successfully been sent is four hours. So every four hours it is going to send the alert if the alert is not at resolved. And similarly, there are other timeouts. So let me change all of these timeouts to 10s for our testing purpose so that we can see these alerts in action. So let me click on this update default policy. Now I'll go to the alerts. As of now, you can see it is still in normal status. That means our account's microservice is working without any issues. As a next step, I'll go to the Docker desktop and I will try to stop my account's microservice. So here I'm going to stop my account's microservice. So let me select the same and I'm trying to click on the stop button. Now my account's microservice is stopped. Now you can see the state of the alert is changed to pending. This means my alert is waiting for the period of 30s. It is trying to evaluate every 10s but it is not going to send the alert immediately. Instead it is going to wait for 30s. So during this transition period it is going to be in this pending status. So let me refresh this by opening this button. You can see right now it is in the firing status. That means my alert is being sent to the notifications that we have configured. So let's go to the webhook URL. Here we need to wait for a couple of seconds. Post that we should be able to see the alerts. You can see I received an alert saying that Account service is down and please do something. This is the description and these are the details of the alerts that we have configured. So the status is right now it is firing. That means the alert is being fired continuously for every 10s because we have set up the timeout options accordingly. Since we want to see this in action. So the alert is going to be triggered continuously. So when the alert is going to be resolved automatically, when my accounts, microservice is up and running. So let's try to start my accounts microservice. Here I'll try to start my accounts microservice. It will take few seconds to start, so let me wait for my accounts microservice to get started completely. So it is trying to start. Meanwhile, I'll go to the Grafana. Inside Grafana, as of now you can see the alert is in firing status only. That means the alerts might be keep on going to my webhook url. Very similarly, if you configure email or slack or Microsoft teams accordingly, the notifications will be sent to the corresponding channel. Let's hope our alerts will be resolved soon. You can see now my alert came into normal status. So let me go to the webhook URL and see what is happening there. You can see when my alert is resolved and it moved to the normal status, my webhook received a status saying that resolve, if you click on this, the overall status is resolved. This indicates to your audience that a particular alert is resolved, which means your account's microservice started working fine. I hope this is clear. Inside the next lecture, I'm going to show you one more approach of defining the alerts with the help of dashboards in the Grafana. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.