As of now in the previous lecture, we created the alerts by defining alerts directly inside these alert rules. As a different approach we can also try to trigger the alerts from our dashboards itself. So let me show you this approach as well. For the same let me go to the dashboards. And here I'm going to create a new dashboard. So let me click on this new dashboard and give a name saying that AlertsDemo, I'm trying to save this dashboard post that I'll click on this visualization and here I'll make sure the time series is selected. I'll go to the data source and select the Prometheus. This time I'll try to create an alert for my card microservice. For the same under this a if needed you can also change these values, but by default the Prometheus will follow sequence like A, B, C, D. So under a first I'm going to mention the metric name, which is up for this metric, the label I'm going to select as job and the value is going to be cards. After defining this query, you can see there is an alert option we have on the same page. So let me click on this alert option. Here before we try to click on this Create Alert rule, Let's make sure we are giving a proper name for this panel. So I will say something like cards up. So this is the title I want to give for the panel. Now I'll click on this apply and you can see my panel is saved. I will use the edit option that we have here and I'll go to the alert. Here this time I'm going to click on this button. This will ask me to save the dashboard. I want to save the dashboard and post that I'm going to click on the save. And now you can see you'll be redirected to the same alert page. And here I'm going to use the same kind of conditions that we have discussed in the previous lecture. Under the reduce the function I'm going to use the last and at the threshold, I'll make sure I'm selecting the ease below and the value is going to be one post that I will select a new folder, which is cards. And similarly I'll create a new group which is cards itself. After mentioning folder and group, we can mention the evaluation period as 10s for 30s. Once we have defined all these details under the alert evaluation behavior, if you can scroll down under the details about our alert rule, the dashboard UID and the panel ID is by default populated. If you want to add more annotations or more details about your alert, we can click on this, add annotation and choose summary and mention the value as cards microservice is down. And post that we can also add one more annotation with the value description under this description we can mention the same value like please do something. And at last we don't have to mention anything under the notifications. Let me select the save rule and exit. Now you can see for our panel the alert is set up. So let me go back to the alerts demo dashboard. So this is the panel that we have created. For this panel alone we have set up a new alert. So right now, the panel is showing last six hours data. So let me select the last five minutes. You can see in the last five minutes, the value is always one, which means my cards microservice is running without any issues. And you might have observed one heart symbol here. This heart symbol with a green indicates that there are no issues with our panel or with our rule that we have configured for our alert. It is indirectly conveying that there are no health issues for our alert. Now I'll go to the Docker desktop and I will try to stop my cards microservice. Here let me select the cards microservice and I'm trying to stop the same. Now we'll go to the Grafana dashboard. If you try to refresh this dashboard, you can see right now it became zero after few seconds the heart symbol right now, it converted into a yellow color or orange color. So this indicates that alert is in the pending status. If you keep refreshing at some point of time, maybe after 30s, the alert will be moved to the firing status. As of now, it is trying to evaluate continuously based upon our configurations. Now you can see the heart symbol became red color. This means the status of the alert right now is alerting. Inside the panel also you'll be able to see one yellow line which indicates at this specific point of time the alert is in the pending status. Post that after 30s, the alert is moved to the red status, which means it is right now firing to the notification channel that we have configured. So let me go to the webhook website. Here you can see I am getting new notifications inside this webhook. If I open the latest notification, you should be able to see cards microservices down. As a next step let me start my cards microservice. So I'm trying to start it and this is going to take at least 20s. To start my microservices successfully. So it is trying to start. So let me go to the dashboard of Grafana. At some point of time, the heart symbol will come back to the green status. So let's wait for this to come. In the meantime, we can keep refreshing the dashboard. You can see after few seconds the metric value moved from 0 to 1. And with that, my alert is right now in the okay status. That's what we are able to see the heart symbol with a green value. I hope you are clear with this approach as well. With this, we completed all the discussion around Micrometer, Prometheus and Grafana and with the help of these three components, we are able to set up the metrics monitoring or metrics aggregation for all our microservices. Let me try to provide a quick summary of what we have discussed. First, we will have our microservices running behind the scenes and inside the microservice we have added the dependency related to the micrometer. With the help of the micrometer and the actuator, microservices are going to expose the metrics in a format that my Prometheus can understand. Once these microservices started exposing this information, the Prometheus is going to scrap all those metrics from the services and the basic information we can validate with the help of Prometheus UI itself. Prometheus UI also supports various graphs and monitoring. But Prometheus alone is not sufficient to build some beautiful dashboards and to trigger some alerts and notifications. That's why we are going to integrate Prometheus with the Grafana. Grafana provides ability to query, search, visualize the metrics, build a dashboards, alerts with the Prometheus as a data source. So this is the story right now is happening behind the scenes. Whenever we are trying to monitor our microservices with the help of metrics exposed by the microservices. I hope you are super, super clear and you are trying to digest all this information. Please note that you should know the basics of Grafana as a developer so that you will have complete end to end picture on how microservices are going to be developed, monitored, deployed. If you have these end to end picture, then only you can easily clear the interviews related to microservice and at the same time you can become a superstar developer inside your project as well because you know everything about microservices. Maybe you are not a master of grafana, but at least you can give some directions to your platform team or operations team about the best practices that they can follow. And if needed you can also show a quick demo to platform team or operations team based upon the knowledge that you have gained inside this course. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.