As of now, we discussed about the two pillars of observability and monitoring, which are logs and metrics. Now, from this lecture, let's try to focus on the third pillar of observability and monitoring, which is tracing. With the two pillars that we have discussed which are related to event logs and metrics. We can only derive the internal condition of an application or overall health of an application. So the information that we get with the help of event logs, health probes and metrics, they fail to help developers in debugging the issues, especially inside the distributed environment like microservices or cloud native applications. Because inside the distributed applications like microservices, a user request can travel multiple applications or multiple microservices. And with these kind of complexity, we should have some mechanism for the developers to understand up to which microservice are up to which application, a request is travelled and how much time it is taking at each service so that the developer can pinpoint the exact location where the issue is happening inside distributed applications. So to handle these challenge or to handle these problem, we have a concept which is distributed tracing. So this is a technique used especially inside microservices or cloud native applications to understand and analyze the flow of requests as they propagate across multiple services and the components inside the distributed environment. So with these tracing information, the developers can diagnose any kind of issues inside any kind of complex and distributed systems. In real projects, there will be hundreds of microservices deployed if a request has to travel more than ten microservices to get a successful response, the developer should have a clear information how the request is traveling under each microservice, which method is invoked, how much time it is taking at each method. So until unless the developer has this distributed tracing information, he cannot debug issue inside the distributed systems. So here you may have a question like I understand the concept of distributed tracing, but how to implement this distributed tracing? One of the best or the possible solution to implement this distributed tracing is, we should generate a unique identifier known as correlationId, which is going to generate for each request at the entry point of your distributed system or microservices. Previously we discussed a scenario inside Gateway server where at the entry point we try to generate a correlationId and the same correlationId we send to the accounts, loans and cards, microservice. And with the correlationId, we are able to easily track the request that is traveling from gateway server to accounts, accounts to cards and loans microservice. The same correlationId can be used as a perfect solution for distributed tracing. Because with the help of correlationId, we can track our microservice request where it is traveling and up to which point it travel. What are the exceptions it throwed So all such information we should be able to understand with the help of these correlationId implementation. But do you think generating the correlationId and attaching the same for all the logs inside our microservices network is a feasible option for the developers? Off course not, because the developer has to visit each log present inside the microservice and he need to make sure he's appending the correlationId that is generated by the gateway server. So this is going to be a super, super complex or challenging task. That's why we are going to look for a better option compared to what we have discussed previously with the help of Gateway Server to generate this correlationId using which we can try to implement distributed tracing inside our microservices. before we try to understand what are the best practices that we have around this. First, let me share some details. What are the standards that we need to follow while generating the distributed tracing details. Like you can see here, distributed tracing always recommends to follow three important components whenever we are trying to implement distributed tracing inside our microservices. The very first component is the tags. Using these tags, we can build a metadata that offer details like username of the authenticated user or the microservice identifier. So if you attach these metadata information to the logs, you can easily identify from the log statement to which microservice are to which metadata information that a particular log belongs. For example, if you attach the application name for all your logs like accounts, cards and loans, then it is going to be super, super easy for you to which microservice application a particular distributed tracing logging belongs. When we try to implement these and see a demo, then it is going to be more clear for you. Apart rfom this tag we should also have a trace ID. A trace ID has to be generated at the starting of your request. Maybe when a request is trying to enter into your microservice network at the Edge server. The trace ID has to be generated. The same trace ID has to be attached to the all the logs that are associated to that request, regardless of where the request is traveling inside your microservice network throughout all the microservices where a particular request is being processed. The same trace ID has to be present inside the logs. And the third component that we have is span ID. What is this span ID? A span represents each individual stage of request processing. For example, your request may travel accounts, loans and cards microservice. under each service it should have its own span ID because inside accounts microservice you may invoke multiple methods and similarly inside other microservices also you are going to implement a lot many methods. That's why we should assign a ID value which is specific to each microservice. So for all the logs that are generated within the accounts microservice, it is going to have the same span ID along with the trace ID that is common for all the microservices. I know this is super confusing for you. Let me show you a sample demo of this. For the same let me go to the next slide. Here first, you can see we have this scenario where a user is trying to invoke the customerDetails api present inside accounts microservice by sending requests to the edge server. Behind the scenes when we implement distributed tracing inside our microservices. At the Edge server or at the place where the first service inside the network is invoked. A trace ID is going to be generated. You can see here first I have a metadata information which is a tag. With the tag we can easily identify to which service a particular log statement belongs. So with the help of this gateway server, we can easily confirm that a particular log belongs to this gateway server. After that tag, you can see there is a trace ID information. The same trace ID is going to present in all the logs that are going to be generated while processing these requests. That's why you can see if the request travels to all other microservices at all places, the trace ID, which is the second component, is going to be the same. Like in all the places you can see it is starting with two nine, whereas the tag name and the metadata information is changing, like gateway server, loans, accounts and cards. Now coming to the third component, which is span ID, if you see inside each microservice or inside each application, a unique span ID is going to be generated. For my gateway the span ID is this is the value, whereas for accounts microservice, this is the span ID, whereas for loans and cards these are the span IDs. The same span ID is going to be present across all the log statements present inside a particular microservice. So inside loans, you can see there are two logger statements, logger statement one logger statement two. For all the logs, the span ID is going to be same because all these logs generated inside a same microservice. The same you can see under the cards microservice. So one thing is very clear here. The first tag information is going to help us to identify to which microservice application or to which metadata information a particular log belongs to. Instead of the application name if you keep the logged in username details, then we can easily track all the logs that are generated due to the actions performed by a specific user. After the metadata tag, you can see there is a trace ID and this trace ID is common in all the microservices because the same request is trying to travel across various microservices. And after the trace ID we have span ID which is going to be unique for each microservice application. This way my developer can easily track the request up to which point the request is processed. If there is an exception under which service the exception happened. So when I show you all this in demo, it is going to be super clear for you as of now. Please note that whenever we are trying to implement distributed tracing, we should follow these standard. When we implemented correlation ID with the gateway server, we just simply generated an ID, but we didn't have the metadata tag or the span IDs. But in the coming lectures, with the help of distributed tracing, we are going to implement these standards. I hope you are clear what is distributed tracing in microservices. If something is not clear, don't worry. When we see all this in demo, then it is going to be super clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.