Now, inside this lecture, let's try to explore what are the possible options that we have to implement distributed tracing inside our microservices. The very first option that I want to show you here is, Spring Cloud Sleuth. This is the project which is available inside the spring Cloud is going to help you to implement that distributed tracing. When we try to implement distributed tracing with the help of Spring Cloud Sleuth. All the logs that are going to be generated inside your microservices, they'll automatically have all the three components like metadata information, trace ID and the span ID. The developer don't have to make any changes inside the log statements. You just need to add the dependencies around the spring cloud sleuth. Once the logs are generated with the help of this sleuth, we can integrate spring cloud sleuth with Zipkin. Both these components by working together they are going to help the developers to identify the tracing details of a request along with the performance bottlenecks. But we are not going to follow this approach inside this course. The reason is you can see there is a note from the spring cloud sleuth team that this spring cloud sleuth last minor version is going to be 3.1 and post that they are not going to make any changes inside this project because they're trying to move all the tracing related changes into a common project called micrometer tracing. Since this Spring Cloud Sleuth is going to be outdated in few months. I don't want to use this library, but still you might be seeing some blogs or courses explaining about Spring Cloud, Sleuth and Zipkin. Please note that those are outdated approaches. So this option we're not going to use. So let me click on these micrometer tracing link that we have. This will take us to the micrometer website along with the URL, which is docs/tracing. We previously used this micrometer when we tried to expose the metrics to Prometheus. Under the same micrometer project. We also have capabilities to implement the distributed tracing. There is a lot of documentation inside this page, like what dependencies you need to add, how that distributed tracing is going to work. What are the span IDs, what are the trace IDs and how these micrometer tracing has a integration with Open Zipkin and Opentelemetry. So there is a lot of information and based upon my experience, this approach also demands a lot of changes and properties configurations from the developers. That's why I'm not going to use this approach as well. Instead, I'm going to use one of the best approach, which is open telemetry. Open telemetry is also going to do the same kind of job that micrometer can do in terms of distributed tracing. But with open telemetry it is going to be super easy to implement distributed tracing on top of that micrometer library is specific to Java. That means you can only use this micrometer inside Java applications, whereas open telemetry supports a lot many languages. So open telemetry is also a open source project and right now it is being maintained under the Cloud Native Computing Foundation project. So you can see this is open source and vendor neutral. And apart from this, open telemetry integrates with with the popular libraries and frameworks like Spring, ASP, Express, Quarkus. So this open telemetry has a good integration with many languages. That's why I'm going to use this approach inside this course. So let's try to understand what are the changes that we need to make whenever we are trying to implement distributed tracing with the help of open telemetry. So let me click on this docs post that you can try to click on this getting started. You can see there are various options, like for developers, there are some options for operations team, there are some operations. Since we are developers, we can click on this developer option and a developer you can see it supports a lot many languages right from C++ to Dotnet, Erlang, Go, JavaJ, avaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, Rust Swift. So since there are many languages supported by this open telemetry, it is a good choice to learn this so that in future if you have a microservice which is going to be developed with the help of Go or JavaScript or TypeScript or Python, you can use the same approach that we are going to discuss. So you can click on this Java option in this space if you can scroll down under Java, you can click on this automatic option. There is an manual option which will expect a lot of changes instead of we can also look for automatic option as well. Under this automatic instrumentation, you can see we need to follow certain steps. First is we need to make sure this jar is available inside our classpath post that we need to invoke this jar using this property like Java agent and the path where this jar is present inside your application or if you are trying to start your application with the java command. You can try to pass this Java agent  property along with the path to your Opentelemetry Java Agent Jar. And apart from this Java agent details, we should also pass one property which is hotel.service.name, the same service name it is going to use as a metadata information inside your distributed tracing or the other options we also have with the help of this Java tool options. After mentioning this Java tool options, we can also define an environment variable with the property hotel_service_name and you can define what is your service name. So the same steps we are going to follow inside our microservices as well. Because with this we don't have to make much changes inside our application. We just need to make sure that this particular jar is present inside the classpath of our microservices. I hope you are clear with all the options that we have discussed and why I'm choosing the open telemetry. When I show you all this in demo, you will like this open telemetry as well. Like with very minimum changes we are going to implement distributed tracing inside microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.