-: Inside this lecture, let's try to update the docker-compose file with the changes related to the OpenTelemetry, Tempo, and Grafana integration of Tempo. For the same, I'm going to open the prod profile inside my docker-compose folder. First, I'm going to open the common-config.yml. Here, I'm going to define some environment properties that are going to common for all microservices. Since I want to mention the properties that are common for all microservices, I need to define the environments under this microservice-base-config. If I define under this microservice-configserver-config, then my configserver will not receive all the properties that I'm going to define here. With that reason, I'm going to define environment details under this base-config. So let me mention environment here. Under this environment, I'm going to paste few environment properties like JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS and OpenTelemetry related properties. So if you try to understand what are these properties, first, with the help of JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS, I'm trying to pass javaagent parameter along with the path where my opentelemetry jar is going to present. Since we have defined the OpenTelemetry dependency inside our pom.xml, this jar is going to present under this path inside all the containers. That's why I have mentioned the same. Now, if you see, I am trying to mention OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT. So to this endpoint property, I'm trying to mention tempo service name, and what is a port where my tempo is going to expose its service. So the OpenTelemetry is going to send all the tracing related information to this tempo service. And, at last, using this property, which is OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER, I'm setting as none, because I don't want to get metrics with the help of OpenTelemetry, because we already used a better tool whenever we're trying to export metrics which is Prometheus. With that reason, I'm trying to set none value here. So let me save these changes. Now I will go to the docker-compose file, and here, under all my microservices, I need to create an environment property. First, let me mention the same under the configserver. Under the configserver, I'm trying to mention an environment property with the name OTEL_SERVICE_NAME. With this property, which is OTEL_SERVICE_NAME, we are trying to convey what is the service name to the OpenTelemetry library. So let me mention the same kind of environment in other places as well. So here also I'm going to mention the same. In all the places, the SPRING_APPLICATION_NAME and your OTEL_SERVICE_NAME is going to be same. There is no mandatory that you need to use the same, but I'm trying to be consistent here. Let me mention the same under accounts microservice as well. So, here, I'm going to replace with accounts. And, post that, I'm going to mention the same file, loans, as well, and replace this eurekaserver with loans. Now, I will go to the cards, and I'll mention the same here by replacing this eurekaserver with cards. At last, I will go to the gatewayserver and mention the same. The service name is going to be gatewayserver here. So now, we have defined all the environment property details inside common-config and docker-compose, which are related to OpenTelemetry. As a next step, we need to add the configurations related to tempo. Before that, under the observability, I'm going to create a new directory with the name tempo. Inside this folder, I'm going to create a new configuration file which is related to tempo. Let me paste the file here. The file name is going to be tempo.yml. If you try to understand what is present inside this tempo.yml, we have some tempo related configurations, like it is going to listen at the port 3100, and there is some other information like what is a trace_ideal_period, which is 10 seconds, what is a maximum block bytes, what is a maximum block duration? So these are all the configurations related to tempo, which we need to follow based upon the official documentation. I'm not going in detail about these configurations, because, in real projects, the responsibility of all these configurations belongs to the platform team. Now, under this docker-compose file, just above the grafana, I'm going to create a new service with the name tempo. So, here, just above the grafana, let me create a new service. Like, you can see, I have created a new service with the name tempo, and this is the Docker image, and the container_name is going to be tempo, and it is going to invoke the command file, which is present at this location with the name tempo_config.yml. Now, under the ports, we have mentioned the port mapping, the same port, which is 3100. We have to mention inside this tempo.yml, you can see, we have mentioned these http_listener_port. The same port, 3100, we have to mention here. But we can't expose the same to the outside, because the same, 3100, is already being exposed in some other place. If you try to search the same inside our docker-compose file, you can see this service, which is gateway, is already exposing the port 3100. So since we can't expose at the same number, I'm trying to mention a different port number, which is 3110. Apart from this, we also have other port mapping, which is at the port number 4317. Now, coming to the volumes, I'm trying to copy the tempo.yml file, which is present inside my observability folder to the etc location with the name tempo-config.yml. The same, we are trying to use here. Now, as a next step, we're trying to extend the network related information from the common-config.yml. With these, we have introduced the new service tempo inside our docker-compose file. As a next step, we need to provide the integration between Grafana and Tempo. So where we need to provide that? With the help of datasource.yml file present inside the grafana. As of now, you can see we have created two data sources with the name Prometheus and Loki. So, very similarly, let me mention datasource details related to tempo as well. First, I'll try to delete any datasource with the name tempo. Post that, I'm going to create a new datasource with the name Tempo. So, here, let me paste some datasource related details related to Tempo. So just after the Prometheus, I'm going to paste the datasource related changes of tempo. So let me bring these tempo configurations to the correct location. With that, the error will get resolved. Like, you can see, the name of the datasource is going to be Tempo, and it is of type tempo, the uid that I'm trying to give for this is tempo, and the tempo is going to start at the port 3100, and my Grafana is going to interact with tempo with the service name tempo. After making these changes, my Grafana should be able to connect with my Tempo, and we should be able to see the tracing information inside my Grafana application. I hope you are clear with all the changes that we have done. In the next lecture, let's try to start all our applications and see the distributed tracing in action. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.