Are you ready to see the demo of distributed tracing. I know you are super ready for this. Let me start all my containers from the prod profile with the help of Docker compose command. Before you try to run these Docker compose up command, please make sure you have generated all the microservices docker images based upon the latest changes that we have done related to the Opentelemetry. So I'm trying to run this command. This will start all my containers and it is going to take one two minutes. So let me wait for this to get completed. I have waited for more than two minutes and eventually you can see my cards, accounts and loans microservice they are getting errored out. I know the reason why this is happening. So let me go and open one of the container. If you try to open the accounts microservice container, you can see the application started successfully without any issues. But it took some more time because if you try to see the very first statement here, it is trying to pick up and jar and it is trying to load the same into the memory. Since it is trying to load this jar of 30 or 20 MB. It is going to take few seconds since it is taking more time. The health checks that I have defined is not working properly because if you go to the Docker compose file and look for the health check information for all the microservices, we are only retrying for ten times with a gap of 10s. So to resolve this issue, what we can do is we can try to give more time for our containers to prove their health status. So that's why I'm going to increase this interval to 20s and retrace to 20 inside all the microservices that we have inside the Docker compose file. I have done the same for config server and Eureka server. Now I'm trying to do the same for accounts. After accounts I'm going to do the same for loans and after loans we can do the same for cards as well. So here interval is going to be 20s and retrace is going to be 20 and at last for Gateway Server since we don't have any health check, we should be good. So let me save this changes. And now first I'll try to run the Docker compose down just to make sure I'm deleting all the existing containers. This will delete all my existing containers post that I'm going to run the same Docker compose command which which is docker compose up -d . So let me try to execute this. So I'm going to wait for two minutes here. After waiting for more than four minutes, all my containers started successfully. From now onwards, it is going to take more time because for each retry interval we have given 20s time. Previously it was only 10s. Now we tried to increase that to 20s. That's why it is going to take more time from now onwards. Now I'll go to the Docker desktop and confirm if all my containers started successfully. You can see all my containers started successfully. Let me go to the one of the microservice, which is accounts microservice. Here the very first statement inside your log statement is going to be loading the Java Agent Library present inside this path. If you try to click on this files, you should be able to see all the files present inside your container. So there is a folder with the name app. Under this there is a libs folder and here if you can see, we have all jars that we have added inside the pom.xml we are right now particularly interested about Opentelemetry jar. You should be able to see this here you can see the same jar we are trying to load with the help of Java tool options that we have defined inside the Docker compose configurations. I hope you are clear. Now I'll go to Gateway Server and I'll make sure it is started successfully. The server started successfully at the port 8072. As a next step, I'll go to the postman and I'll try to test few APIs. First, let me try to create an account with the help of API, create available inside the accounts microservice. So let me click on the send button here. We'll get a successful response which is status code as 201 and status message as account created successfully. As a next step, I'll go to the cards microservice. Here also, I'm going to click on the send button. You can see the card details are created successfully. Let me go to the loans API, Here also, I'm trying to click on the send button and this is giving a successful response to me inside the response. As a next step, I'll go to the fetchCustomerDetails API and here I will try to invoke this API. You can see I got response saying that these are the account details, loan details and cards details. So now as a next step we can go to the grafana and try to see how the tracing information is going to look like. So we can continue the same in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.