Let's see that distributed tracing in action. For the same, I came to the Grafana first. I'm going to look for logs information inside my Loki. You can see as of now we have three different data sources like Loki, Prometheus and Tempo. So let me go to the Loki and here I will look for the logs of accounts microservice. So let me run this query if you can scroll down all my logs right now has some tracing information. So let me zoom this. You should be able to see this log statement, which is fetchCustomerDetails() method end. So this is one of the log statement that we have added. So the pattern it is following is first, it is trying to mention what is the severity of the log like debug, info or warning. That's why we have mentioned the initial five characters inside the logging pattern and post that inside the square brackets we have the application name, which is accounts followed by tracing ID information. So this is the trace ID and this is the span ID value. So this trace ID is going to be common for all the microservices. So let me try to take this trace ID and look for the same inside all microservices. So let me go to the cards microservice and run the query. And here I'm going to search for the same trace ID. You can see we have the logs using the same trace ID, but the span ID is different compared to accounts microservice. This way we can use the same trace and search all the logs of all containers to understand which method is executed. And if you have some log statements inside your exception scenarios. The same statements are also going to be available here. As a next step, we can also see the tracing information with the help of tempo as well. So right now we are seeing these information inside logs. With this tracing information, we can try to understand which methods are invoked, are there any exceptions happened inside a particular method. So all such information we can easily understand. But in order to see the real power of tracing, you need to go to that tempo. So let me select that tempo data source. And here I'm going to search with the trace ID that we have identified in any of the service like accounts, gateway, loans or cards. So let me run this query. If you scroll down on this page, you will be able to see a beautiful UI representation of your request navigating throughout your microservices. You can see initially it entered into your network at the Gateway server and there is a method inside Gateway server invoked from Gateway Server it went into the API, which is fetchCustomerDetails inside accounts microservice. It also went inside the methods like CustomerController.fetchCustomerDetails from controller logic it went to repository layer and inside the repository layer it tried to fetch the data related to accounts microservice. So all the history you are able to see here after fetching all the accounts related information, the accounts, microservice forwarded the request to the loans microservice. Once it fetch the details from the loans microservice It forwarded the same to the cards microservice as well. You should be able to see what are all the methods are invoked, how much time it took at each method. If your request is taking a lot of time, you can easily try to understand at which method or at which service a lot of time is being consumed by your request. So you can see since accounts microservice is trying to invoke loans and cards. Inside accounts microservice will have the consolidated timing information and the same will be added to the Gateway Server service. As you navigate towards the down, you will see the less time it is going to take because all these times are individual times. But whatever you see at the top, those are the consolidated times taken by all the services and all the methods which are invoked under these accounts microservice. So this gives a complete good information to understand what are the performance bottlenecks. And for some reason, if you want to understand up to which point the request is traveled inside your network, this is the good information for you to understand and proceed with your debugging. I hope you are seeing the power of tempo here. We also have similar kind of products with the name Zipkin and Jaeger. So let me search for Zipkin. So if you see, Zipkin is one such product where we can see that distributed information just like how we are seeing with the help of tempo. But the problem or the drawback of Zipkin is, using Zipkin we can only see the tracing information. What if you want to see the logs information? So that's where we have tempo with a good integration of Grafana inside Grafana we also have Loki, we also have Prometheus. So it's a complete package which we can use to implement observable and monitoring inside our microservices. Very similarly Red Hat also has a product with the name Jigger. With the name Jigger, if you try to open this jigger, this is also going to help to identify that tracing information. But like I said, they don't have good integration with your logs information. That's why we are using the best product available as of now, which is tempo. This has good integration with Grafana as well. So inside a single product you can try to look for all the three pillars of observability and monitoring. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.