In the previous lectures we saw the demo of distributed tracing with the help of Opentelemetry, Tempo and Grafana. So this is a flow. Initially, our microservices, with the help of Opentelemetry Agent Jar, they are going to dynamically inject trace information and send the same to the tempo. Tempo will aggregate all the tracing information. We can query traces with the help of Grafana. With this we are done with all the discussion around observability and monitoring we can conclude this section. But before we try to close this section, let me try to emphasize few points. I know we discussed a lot, many topics inside this section and particularly a lot, many tools I have introduced you that are present inside the Grafana ecosystem. That's why please take some time to digest all this information and please get used to all these new products available inside the Grafana ecosystem. I have mentioned all the details that we have discussed inside these slides, which you can always refer them for a quick reference and you can brush up them whenever you are trying to go for an microservice interview. I also want to highlight that all the Docker compose changes that we have done inside the prod profile. I have copied them under default and qa profile as well. Post that I also checked in all the code related to section 11 into the GitHub repo. You can see under the GitHub repo which is eazybytes/microservices and a section 11 with the comments name as observability and monitoring in microservices, you should be able to see all the changes that we have discussed inside this section. And I also pushed all the Docker images into the Docker hub. You can see here, if I try to open any of the microservice, there will be an image with the tag name as S11. I hope this is clear, but let me try to close this section with a funny note. So I'm going to show you a funny meme which you can correlate with the observability scenario. Have you seen the movie of Taken three inside the Taken three movie, the hero is going to give a warning to the villain saying that I don't know where you are, I don't know where you are hiding. If you don't leave my daughter right now, I'm going to catch you and I'm going to kill you. The same now we can tell to our defects also, I don't know where you are hiding inside my microservice network. I don't know where you are, but I do have a particular set of skills related to observability and monitoring that I gained with the help of eazybytes microservice course. Using those skills, I'm going to find you and I will fix you. So this is a funny comparison between this dialogue with the observability concept. I hope you liked it and have a smile on your face. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next section. Bye.