In this course section, we'll work on this Placepicker application here, which allows us to pick places we eventually might wanna visit. And it also allows us to get rid of places if we decide we don't want to go there. And whilst working on this application, and whilst enhancing this application throughout this section, we are going to dive into a super important React concept. Because in this section, you will learn how to deal with side effects in React apps, and you'll learn what exactly side effects are and how you can manage them. And for that you will learn how to tackle side effects and why in certain situations React's useEffect hook might be a good choice. You will of course learn how to use that hook, how to manage its dependencies, and what exactly that is. And you will also learn when not to use useEffect. But of course at this point, this all probably sounds rather confusing and abstract. And therefore let's dive right in. Let me show you a side effect and why in certain use cases you need that useEffect hook. And of course also how you use it. Now for this section, I prepared this application here for you, and this starting project actually already works quite well. You can view places, you can select places, and you can delete places. Nonetheless, we're going to enhance this application throughout this section and also add more features to it. And therefore, as always basically, attached you'll find this starting project, both a local and a code sandbox version. For the local version, as always, you should run npm install and then npm run dev for the code sandbox version. This is not required. Now if you take a look at this project code, you'll notice that it has a couple of components which are relatively straightforward. They use features you already learned about like state and refs, and the modal component uses useImperativeHandle here to expose some functions through a ref. And that ref here is received and extracted as a prop. Alternatively, this component could also be set up with help of forwardRef, but since this project uses a React version high enough to not need that, this component indeed is created without forwardRef. So these therefore, in the end, of course, are all features you already learned about earlier in the course. And overall, this application code should be relatively straightforward and nothing new. In the end, it's just about managing this array of picked places here by adding or removing places depending on where the user clicked. But you'll also notice that this starting project also comes with a data.js file, which includes a bunch of dummy data responsible for outputting these place cards here in the end. And a loc.js file, which contains some location calculation logic, which we'll need throughout this section. And it's indeed this file, or specifically this function, which we'll need in the next lecture where we will also meet our first side effect.