Now, it's not necessarily a problem to have a side effect and to have code like this in your component function, but it will get a problem here and I'll show you why. Because, of course, now that we got the sortedPlaces, we wanna use these sortedPlaces to show them on the screen. Specifically, it's this usage of the places component where instead of these dummy available places, I now wanna pass my sorted available places as input. And, of course, those sorted places, as I just explained, are not available right at the start because this operation of getting the user's location will take some time. So the first app component render cycle will be finished at the point of time where we have this location. Therefore, we need state here. We need a state that in the end manages the available places so the availablePlaces and a setAvailablePlaces updating function. So that we start with an empty array and we set this state to these sorted places once we have them. So once this operation of fetching the user's location finished and since this then triggers a new render cycle, the state will be updated with those sorted places and we can pass the available places to this second places component here instead of the raw dummy data. That looks like a good solution, but this solution actually has a flaw because it would cause an infinite loop. And why is that? Well, because we're updating the state here, and as you learned, calling such a state updating function tells React to re-execute the component function to which the state belongs, so this app component in this case. Now, what happens if this component function executes again? Well, we fetch the user's location again and then we set the state and we execute the component function again and we fetch the location again and we set the state and you see where that is going. That will be an infinite loop and that would crash our application. And that's therefore an example for a side effect which when used like this causes a problem. And that's where the useEffect hook comes into play because that hook allows us to solve that problem.