Now before we'll take another look at useEffect, let's stick at this local storage example here, because of course just storing items when we add them is not enough. The local storage should also be updated when we remove a place, by clicking on it here and confirming this. And of course, I also wanna load my data from local storage when the app starts, so that when that happens I pre-populate this box up here with my stored items. Now let's start with the code for deleting items from local storage. To do that, we again first need to fetch our stored IDs, so that we can then update them. And then we again need to update the stored items with a local storage 'setItem' and update them with help of this key. And now the updated array in the end is based on the fetched existing array of data. And here we again need to create a stringified array and I'll create that array that should now be stored based on that stored IDs array with help of the filter method, which is built into the browser, basically, and which allows us to produce a new array, based on this array, and some filtering condition. For that filter takes a function that will be executed on every item in this array, and will get every item as an input to this function here. And then we have to return true, if we want to keep that item, and false if we want drop it. So therefore here, I'll simply check if the ID I am looking at here is not equal to 'selectedPlace.current', which is simply the ID of the place on which I clicked here, when I'm clicking on it in my first box. So if these two IDs do not match, I know that this is not the item I wanna delete, therefore I'm returning true and I keep the item. But if these IDs do match, this condition here will yield false and this ID will be removed from this array. And that's how we can store an updated array that does no longer contain this ID. Now last but not least, we of course also need to fetch these items when the app starts. And here you might again think that you probably need useEffect, because of course we could now use useEffect, just as we used it here with navigator geolocation. And we could merge our code into this existing useEffect usage, or use it again, like all React hooks, you can use useEffect as often as you want and need to. And you could therefore think that the code for retrieving our places should go into useEffect here. So we can get our loaded places just as we're doing it down here, with help of local storage 'getItem', like this. And since these are only the IDs, but I want to get places with all the place related data, like the title and the image, we then need to map these IDs to actual place objects. By using the map method, for example, to convert every ID to a complete place object. And that can be done by taking this available places array, which is coming from the data JS file, which contains these place objects. And it's these objects to which I wanna map my IDs, and we can perform that mapping by using available places here, and by then finding a place for the ID we're having here. So 'find' then also takes another function. And here we get every place from 'AVAILABLE_PLACES' passed in automatically. And here I'm looking for the place where the ID is equal to this ID. And this code here will then simply give us an array of place objects based on this array of IDs, which we retrieve from local storage. And of course now we could call 'setPickedPlaces' here and set this equal to 'storedPlaces'. Now when we add an empty dependencies array, just as we did it down here, this effect function here will only run once after the app component function ran. And therefore will not enter an infinite loop, will fetch our data and populate our box with that fetched data. We could do it like that. And if I save that and I reload, you see indeed, I'm starting with the places I previously added here. And if I delete a place and I reload, that place is gone but the other places are still fetched. So this clearly works. But this here is now an example for a redundant usage of useEffect. Now, why is using useEffect like this redundant and actually not recommended? Because this code here, where we use local storage, unlike this code here where we gut the user's location, runs synchronously. Which means it basically finishes instantly. It's executed line by line and once a line finished execution, it's done. We have the final result. And this was not the case here for 'getCurrentPosition', when this line executed here it was not done yet. Instead it was only done once this callback function here was executed by the browser and that happened at some point in the future. We can even see that it takes some time if we reload because these places down here are not there instantly. But for local storage, that's not the case. We got no callback function or promise or anything like that here. Instead retrieving the data like this is instant. And therefore this app component function does not finish its execution cycle before fetching that data is done. We can therefore simply get rid of useEffect and get rid of that state updating function here, which would be a problem, because it would lead to an infinite loop. And we can simply move that code in front of the state initialization code and use the stored places, which again are available instantly here, to initialize our picked places state like this. So to use the stored places as an initial state value. This works because this code runs synchronously and does not take some time to finish, during which the app component function execution would finish. That's not the case here. And we can actually even move that code out of the app component function, so that it only runs once in the entire application lifecycle, when this code file is parsed and executed for the first time. Because there's no reason to put this into the app component, which would only mean that it runs again and again every time the app component function is executed, which in the end means that we're wasting some performance. Instead, it's enough to run this once when the overall app starts and then we can still use stored places in the component function, because this component function execution will run after this code in front of it. And therefore, if we change the code like this and we save this and reload, we're still fetching our places here. So this is still working and we can still manipulate them and of course also delete places, that all works. But now with side effects that don't need useEffect.