So how can we use useEffect to make sure that depending on the value of this open prop, this dialog here is shown or closed? Well, we could first try it without useEffect because here in the modal component function, we can, of course, add a if check and check if open is truthy. And if that's the case, we use the dialog ref to call showModal like this. Else if it's not truthy, it's faulty. So in that case, we call close to close it. But if we try to run this code, if we save it and we go back and we reload, that's important, we'll get an error. We'll get an error that we in the end failed to call close which is what we try to do initially because initially open is false in the app component so that we try to call close on undefined. And the problem here, of course, is that we're calling these methods here, showModal and close, right inside of this component function. And we're using the dialog ref to interact with that dialog. But the first time this component function executes, this ref will not be set yet. It will not be connected yet because this JSX code hasn't executed yet. So this connection between a ref and dialog element hasn't been established yet and therefore calling close fails because initially, this ref is undefined. And that's another scenario where you wanna use useEffect because useEffect can help you synchronize prop values or state values to DOM APIs like this dialog showModal method or a close method because as you learned, the effect function you define with useEffect will be executed right after the component function. And since it executes after the component function and not before it or at the same time, this connection between the ref and the dialog will be established at this point of time. And we can indeed think of that code here as kind of a side effect as well because whilst calling these methods here will indeed have an impact on the UI, it does not have a direct impact on this JSX code here. So it's again not directly related to this component render cycle. So therefore here we should now also useEffect now not to avoid an infinite loop with some side effect, but to synchronize some value, the open prop in this case here, to a DOM API or to a certain behavior. So for that, we can call useEffect, pass our effect function to it and our dependency array and then we can move this code here into useEffect. And now you can already see that I'm getting a warning here. You can tell by the yellow squiggly lines here. I'm getting a warning here because I haven't added all the dependencies that are required by this effect function to this dependencies array. Now in the app component function, it was fine to have an empty array here because this effect code here in the end had no extra dependencies, but this code here has dependencies. And therefore, it's, of course, important to understand what exactly are such effect dependencies.