Effect dependencies are in the end simply prop or state values that are used inside of this effect function. So put in our words, any value that causes the component function to execute again, which is the case in the end for props and state, any such value is a dependency if it's used inside of useEffect. Any other value like refs or as we have it here in the app component function objects and methods that are built into the browser, any such value are not considered dependencies because useEffect only cares about dependencies that would cause the component function to execute again. And why is that the case? Well, because this effect function should run whenever the component function executed if one of its dependencies changed. Now as explained earlier, with an empty array, that will never be the case because if you don't have any dependencies, they also can't change. Therefore, in the app component function, this effect function here only executed once. But now in the modal component, we're using the open prop in this effect function and this prop or the value we receive through that prop can, of course, change and it will change in this application. It will change from false, which is its initial value, to true if we start to remove a place. Now, at the moment, with an empty dependencies array, this effect function would never run again. And as a result, if I saved this, we got rid of this error, but I also can't click on these items or I can click on them, but nothing happens, the modal doesn't open. And why would it open? The effect function isn't executing again and therefore showModal isn't called. Hence, we have to add open as a dependency here, so the open prop here, and that makes sure that this effect function will now run again whenever the modal component function executed and the value of the open prop changed. So if it was true and is again true, this will not run. If it was true and is now false, this will run and vice versa. And therefore with open added here, if you now save that code and you reload, you'll see that now clicking on these items does indeed open that dialog again. And we can close it, we can confirm it. That all works. But now it works with help of useEffect and it therefore made this modal component a bit leaner compared to how it looked before.