Now besides this dependencies array, useEffect also has one other feature you should be aware of. And for this feature, let's go to this delete confirmation component file. This component is responsible for rendering the content of this modal here. And I now want to add a feature to this app where this modal closes automatically after three seconds and we automatically delete the place, so we automatically confirm this modal after those three seconds. And to implement this feature, we need to set a timer which we can do with help of another browser feature, the set timeout function, which is a function built into the browser. Set timeout takes two arguments and the first argument is a function. The second argument is a duration in milliseconds. For example, 3000 milliseconds would be three seconds. And this function, which you pass as a first argument, will be executed once this duration expired. So if we want to close this modal after three seconds, we should call onConfirm inside of this callback function that executes after three seconds so that when this component is rendered, this timer here is set and we then execute onConfirm after three seconds. Now with this code, we'll face a couple of problems though. One problem is that this delete confirmation component is always rendered. It is rendered here by the app component and it's wrapped by the modal component, which is also always rendered, it's just not always visible in the DOM because internally the modal component controls the dialogue's visibility through this open prop by showing or hiding this dialogue. But technically this delete confirmation component is always part of the DOM, and therefore this timer will actually be set and started when the app component renders for the first time because during that render cycle, delete confirmation is also rendered. Now to work around this issue, we could simply render delete confirmation conditionally here, depending on modal is open, like this, so that it's only rendered if modal is open is true. That would work around this problem and would make sure that this timer is not always set right at the start. A more elegant solution could be to render it here but to then go into the modal component and not always output this children prop so that the app component doesn't have to deal with conditionally rendering this, but instead it's the modal component where this might make more sense so that here we can check if open is true and if that's the case, we output the children, otherwise we render null here. That would be an alternative solution that should also make sure that this timer is not set right away and we can confirm this by simply console logging timer set here. If I console log this, save this, and reload, I'm not seeing this in the log here which proves that it's not set right away but still this code here has a problem. And to show you this problem, let me try to remove one of these items here. If I do that, you see the timer is set and after three seconds the item was therefore removed. But if I remove it myself before these three seconds expire, this timer will also still expire because we didn't stop it and that wasn't a problem here. But it will be a problem if I click no because now you will see that even though I clicked no, after three seconds this item disappeared because the timer is never stopped when this component here is not rendered anymore. Instead it was started and it keeps on going behind the scenes, independent from the question whether this component is currently visible or not. And that's of course a problem. And it is a problem that can be fixed with useEffect.