Now, it's worth noting that this code here, of course, again in the end, is a side effect because it's not directly related to outputting this JSX code. And useEffect can fix this timer problem I showed you in the previous lecture because with useEffect, we can actually stop this timer when this component disappears. And I'll show you how. So, let's import useEffect from React here and let's then set the timer with help of useEffect by providing this effect function and our dependencies array. And now we can move this code here into this effect function. And now just to be clear, for setting this timer, we would not need this effect function because setting the timer wasn't the problem. Neither does this create an infinite loop as we did it with the user location earlier, nor do we have the problem we faced in the modal where we needed to work with some ref that wasn't connected yet. Instead here the problem is not setting the timer but cleaning it up, getting rid of it, when this component function disappears. And that is also something useEffect can help you with because when using useEffect, you cannot just define this effect function, but also a cleanup function that should be executed right before this effect function runs again. And you define such a cleanup function by returning it from inside the effect function. So, this effect function can return another function which will then be executed by React right before this effect function runs again or, and that's the important part here, right before this component dismounts. So, before it's removed from the DOM. And therefore it's here in this cleanup function where we can now stop the timer. To do that, we can use the browser's built-in clear timeout function, which now just needs a reference of the timer that should be stopped. And thankfully, such a reference is returned by set timeout. So, we can simply store it in a constant, maybe named timer, and then pass timer to clear timeout. And this will now stop this timer whenever this component is removed from the DOM. Now, I also just again want to emphasize that this cleanup function would also run if that effect function would run again, then the cleanup function runs right before the effect function runs. But this is not something that can happen here because currently I have no dependencies here and therefore this effect function never runs again. Now as you see, I'm actually getting a warning here. So, I should add a dependency, to be precise, it's this unconfirmed prop which I'm using in here that should be added as a dependency but I'm deliberately not doing that just yet. And I'll explain why in just a second. Instead, let's keep this code like this and therefore the cleanup function will run only once when the component is removed. And let's save everything and reload. Now with that, if we wait for the sorted places to arrive, I can add some places, of course. And if I now open this and click no, you see the timer was set, but we don't have that problem that we faced before that the place is magically removed because the timer expires behind the scenes. This is not happening anymore because we're cleaning up that timer. We can console log cleaning up timer here just to see that in action, kind of. If I reload and I click here and I click no, you see cleaning up timer. It's also worth noting that this cleanup function does not run right before the effect function is executed for the first time. It's only executed before subsequent executions of this effect function, and as mentioned, when this component is removed. And with that, we're now managing the timer as such that we don't cause any strange bugs in this application.