Now, in the last lecture, I explained why we need useEffect to use setInterval correctly and I also mentioned that we want to clear the interval, not really to avoid some strange behaviors or bugs but to make sure that we don't impact the performance of this application. And speaking of performance, there is something that could be optimized here in this application because at the moment, I am managing this interval in my delete confirmation component. And in this interval, we're updating the state every 10 milliseconds which means that this component runs every 10 milliseconds which also means that every 10 milliseconds, React has to compare the unconfirmed value here to figure out whether this effect function should run again. And React has to reevaluate this entire JSX code and this works and also doesn't really slow down the app here on a modern computer but it's not optimal. It would be better to outsource this progress indicator and this related state logic and useEffect hook into a separate component so that it's then just this one single component that should be re-executed all the time. And therefore here I'll add a new component, ProgressBar could be a name that we want to use and of course, export it here. And then in here in this component, I wanna manage this state. So I'll copy that and move it in here. And we, of course, want to have this useEffect hook so I'll also copy that, or actually we can cut it and also remove this state now from the lead confirmation and add it here to progress bar. And, of course, then return this progress element and remove that from the lead confirmation and instead return it here. Now with that, we, of course, also must import useState and useEffect from React because we're using these things here and I need that timer. And we could, again, define it as a constant or simply accept it as a prop here. So use it here and here. And now we can use this progress bar component here in this delete confirmation component. For that, we, of course, must import it from progress bar JSX and we can get rid of the useState import here now. And now with that, it's not the entire delete confirmation component that will be re-executed every 10 milliseconds, but it's, instead, inside of the progress bar component that this computation will take place. And this is an optimization you might wanna consider to avoid unnecessary computations. Of course, we now just have to make sure that we also do pass a value for this timer prop. So here in delete confirmation, we should now set timer equal to timer. And if we now save that and go back and reload this app here, we should be able to add places. And when we click on a place, it will be deleted. We see the timer. And if we delete another place, a new timer starts in a new modal. And that all works as it should now.