In the previous section, I gave a very quick introduction about Helm. Now, inside this lecture, let's try to understand more details about Helm. If someone asks you what is Helm, you can simply reply saying that Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes. The main objective of Helm is to help developers and DevOps team members to manage Kubernetes projects and deployments by offering a more efficient approach in handling the Kubernetes manifest files. Regardless of how many microservices you have inside your microservice network, Helm is going to make your life easy without helm like we discussed previously, we need to maintain lot many Kubernetes manifest files. Without helm like we discussed previously, we need to maintain all the Kubernetes manifest files like for deployment service config map for each and every microservice that you are going to deploy inside your microservice. And apart from maintaining these Kubernetes manifest files, your DevOps team members also they should manually apply or delete these Kubernetes manifest files with the help of Kubectl commands. But like I said, if we use Helm, we can overcome these challenges. And here you may have question like how Helm is going to help us to overcome these challenges. For the same helm is going to follow a packaging format called Charts. Inside Helm, a chart is a collection of files that describes a related set of Kubernetes resources. Suppose inside your microservice network, if you have 50 microservices, you can club all these 50 microservices related manifest files into a single component called Chart Inside Helm. So using the same single chart, we can deploy a simple application or any kind of complex application which can include Http servers, REST APIs, databases, supporting components like cache. So regardless of how complex your microservice network is, you can always try to create a chart specific to your organization. And with that, the maintenance of your Kubernetes deployments is going to be super easy. And one more beauty of this helm charts is, a chart can have a child charts or dependent charts as well, just like in Java, how we can have parent class or child class or dependent classes very similarly inside helm charts also, we can maintain the dependent charts and child charts in case if you have dependency on other third party components, you can try to add the helm charts of those components into your organization charts. This way you can install whole dependency tree of your project, including your own microservices and dependent components with just a single command. And like I said, Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes. And here you may have a question. What is a package manager? Package manager is a component that can help you in installing or uninstalling or upgrading your software packages. Just like how we have helm for Kubernetes, very similarly, we also have other famous package managers inside the industry. For example, Pip is a package manager that can help you to install any Python packages. And very similarly for JavaScript, we have a package manager with the name NPM. Using this NPM package manager, we can install any kind of JavaScript libraries like Angular, React. All these libraries we can easily install and set up inside our local system with the help of this NPM package manager. Very similarly, helm is the best way to find, share and use softwares built for Kubernetes. I hope this is clear. Now let me try to explain you very quickly on how Helm is going to solve all the challenges that we have discussed. Without Helm like we discussed, we need to maintain separate Kubernetes manifest files for all the microservices inside a project. For example, think like I have accounts, loans and cards, microservice. If I want to access them, either using external traffic or with the help of internal traffic, I should expose them with the help of Service object inside Kubernetes. For the same, I need to create three different Kubernetes manifest files, one for account-service, and the second one is for the loan-service and the third one for the card-service. So if you try to closely observe these manifest files, the skeleton of these files is almost same or static except a few dynamic values, like the very first element API version, which is V1 is going to be static for all the files. The same applies for kind object post that will be having metadata name inside the metadata name, we are going to have a dynamic value which is specific to this particular microservice. Post that and a specification selector. The app name is going to be the dynamic value and the type also is going to be a dynamic value based upon our requirements. We can use load balancer or cluster IP, but coming to the protocol, TCP is going to be a static value and the port and target port will have dynamic values which are specific to each microservice. So apart from these few dynamic values, the whole skeleton or template of the Kubernetes service manifest file is going to be the same. This is where Helm is going to come into picture and it will try to make our life easy. Now, let me quickly show you how Helm is going to approach this problem. So whenever we are using Helm, First, we are going to create a single template.yaml file for the Service object regardless of how many microservices you have inside your cluster, you're always going to have a single template.yaml file like you can see here. This template Yaml files will have static values along with the static syntax structure. If you closely observe this helm service template file at some places it is trying to accept the dynamic values. For example, under the metadata name it is going to accept the dynamic value with the help of values and inside the Values object, we need to pass a variable with the name deployment label. So whatever you mention inside this double curly braces is going to represent a dynamic value which we are going to inject at runtime whenever we are trying to deploy our microservices into Kubernetes cluster. For example, think like we have this helm service template file. As a next step, what I can do is, I can try to provide an values.yaml file which is specific to accounts microservice. So inside this values.yaml I'm going to maintain all the key and values you see inside my Values.yaml The very first property that I'm trying to create here is deployment label. Against that I'm mentioning a name which is accounts. The same value that we have defined inside the Values.yaml is going to be applied to the the service template file at runtime and behind the scenes helm is going to automatically create the account microservice specific service manifest file. Very similarly, you just have to provide the values.yaml for other microservices. With that, you will always have a single template file which is going to be maintained by the helm. But as a developer or as a DevOps team member, we should provide the Values.yaml for each microservice. And behind the scenes, using these values that we have defined. The helm is going to generate the Kubernetes manifest files at runtime for all your microservices. On top of that, we don't have to execute these Kubernetes manifest files manually. Whenever we are using Helm, we are going to achieve all the deployment of our microservice with a single command. So by following these approach, Helm is going to solve these problems. And if you ask me what are the problems that helm try to solve, The very first advantage, I would say as Helm is going to support packaging of your Kubernetes manifest files into a single helm chart, The same helm chart can be distributed into a public repository or a private repository you can share with others. So it's up to you how you want to leverage that helm chart. This is very similar to our Java code. We can store that in a centralized location if needed we can share our code with others. Very similarly, we are going to maintain the helm charts. That's why we are calling Helm as a package manager for Kubernetes. And the next problem that Helm solves is it is going to make developers or DevOps team members life easy because it is going to support easier installation. With the help of Helm, you can always deploy or upgrade or rollback or uninstall your entire microservice application into your Kubernetes cluster with a single command. No need to run any manual commands with the help of Kubectl, and at last Helm is going to support, release or version management as well, which means whenever needed, you can roll back your entire Kubernetes cluster to the previous working state with a single command. Whereas with Kubernetes manifest files like we discussed previously, we can only roll back a particular microservice. What if you want to roll back your entire Kubernetes cluster. In such scenarios, helm is going to help us. So we are going to discuss about all these features and we're also going to see the demo of all these features in the coming lectures. But for now, please note that Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes, which is very similar to other package managers like Pip and NPM. So with the help of these helm, we can make our life easy in terms of installing, rollback, upgrade or uninstalling of the microservices into the Kubernetes cluster. I hope you are clear with this quick introduction about the helm. I know you may have many questions about Helm. Don't worry. When we try to start discussing more about helm charts in the coming sections. It is going to make more sense to you. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.