To get started with the helm, first, we need to make sure we install this helm inside our local system. So to install this helm, we need to go to the website of Helm, which is helm.sh. Inside this website in the top right corner, we have a button with the name Get started. So please click on that post that you will be landed onto this page. Inside this page, first, try to read what are the prerequisites to get started with the helm. The very first prerequisite is you should have a proper Kubernetes cluster running inside your local system or inside any cloud environment. And post that, we should also decide about security configurations which are related to our installation. So this is an optional pre request. That's why you can see here the highlighted if any. So we don't need to worry about the second pre request. The third pre request is we need to install and configure helm inside our local system. So to install helm we can click on these installing helm option and this will take me to the installing helm web page. Inside this page we have many options on how to install right from binary releases from scripts. But my favorite option and my recommendation is to follow to install helm with the help of package managers. So here it's very funny. We are going to install a package manager which is helm with the help of other package manager. So since I'm using Mac OS, I'm going to use Homebrew. So this is the default package manager inside Mac OS. So the command that we need to run here is, brew install helm. So let me try to run this command and post that we can see what is happening. I'll also show you the steps that you need to follow if you are using Windows in few seconds. So inside my terminal I can run this command, which is brew install helm. So with this I'm telling to my homebrew to install helm related package manager since I already installed inside my local system. It is trying to get the latest installation of helm into my local system. At last like you can see, I got an output saying that the installation is completed. So you can also verify if the installation is completed or not by running the command, which is helm version. So this will give you an output on which version I'm using. You can see as of now I'm using helm 3.2.3 version. So with this now my helm installation is completed inside my local system. As a next step, let me show you very quickly how to install Helm inside the Windows operating system. So for Windows Operating System, you can use one of the famous package manager, which is chocolatey. So first you need to make sure chocolatey is installed inside your system post that only you can install helm. So to install chocolatey it is going to be super easy. You need to go to the chocolatey website. Inside the Chocolatey website there is an option install on the top right corner. So let me click on that . Here there are steps on how we can install this chocolatey package manager. So this is a famous package manager for Windows Operating System. So if you can scroll down on this page, please select the individual option because we are trying to set up in our own local system. Once you select this individual option, we need to make sure we are opening the PowerShell inside the Windows operating system with admin rights. So please go to your Windows search box and look for PowerShell and right click on that and open as an admin. So once you open the PowerShell as an admin, you need to run the command, which is get execution policy. So once you run this command you will get an output, whether it is all signed or whether it is restricted. For some reason, if you are getting output as restricted, that means you cannot install any other softwares with the help of PowerShell. So to disable these restricted nature we can run a command which is set execution policy all signed. So once we execute these set execution policy all sign post that you can try to run again this get execution policy and you should get an output which is all signed instead of restricted. After that, it's going to be super easy. You just need to copy this command. Like you can see here, this entire command you need to execute inside your PowerShell and this will install chocolaty package manager and you can also verify whether the installation of chocolate is successful or not by simply typing choco or choco space hyphen question mark. And that will give the output saying that which version of chocolatey is installed. So once the chocolatey is installed inside your local system, you can go to the helm and here there is an command that you need to run to install helm with the help of chocolatey. So the command is choco install Kubernetes - helm. As soon as you execute this command helm is going to be installed inside your local system. And you can also confirm that by running a command, which is hell version. I hope this is clear. If you are using some other operating system like Ubuntu or Linux. There are other approaches also mentioned inside this web page. I recommend you looking at these web page if you have any questions around the helm installation. I hope you are successful at installing the helm inside your local system. If not, please take help from this web page and if you still not able to install helm, please shoot a question to me and I'll be able to help you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.