Now, inside this lecture, I'm going to show you the power of hell by taking a sample chart available from the official documentation. So before we try to explore the official documentation of hell on how to install a chart of hell, first, we need to make sure the local Kubernetes cluster is up and running. We can confirm by going to the Docker dashboard inside the Docker dashboard, you should be able to see a message which is Kubernetes is running. So this confirms the cluster is running. Very similarly you can also run any of the Kubectl command, for example, I can try to run a command which is kubectl get services. So this will give me the list of services inside my local Kubernetes cluster. As of now, we have only one service which is related to Kubernetes itself. So this confirms our local Kubernetes cluster is working fine. As a next step, I'm going to run a helm command, which is helm space ls. So this is going to list all the religions or all the installations that we have done into the Kubernetes cluster with the help of Helm. So if I try to run as of now, you can see there is no helm installations because as of now we have not installed any chart into the Kubernetes cluster. But here you may have a question like how my helm is able to connect to the Kubernetes cluster because without connecting to the Kubernetes cluster, my helm cannot show this output. So the answer to this question is, Helm is going to look for Kubernetes cluster connection details inside your local system. So whenever you try to connect to a Kubernetes cluster inside your local system, it is going to make an entry inside your system. For example, inside my scenario, I can go to my user folder like under users, my user is easybeats. And at this folder, if I try to look for hidden folders, there is a folder with the name .cube. If I try to open this, there is a config file, so if I try to open this file you'll be able to see all the connection details that my kubectl right now is using to connect to my Kubernetes cluster. So you can see right now it is connected to a Docker desktop cluster. So the same connection details Helm also is going to leverage whenever it wants to interact with a Kubernetes cluster. I hope this is clear. If you are using Windows Operating system, you'll be able to find this dot cube folder inside your user folder. Now let's go and explore on how to setup a sample helm chart inside our local system. So that will give some good exposure to the helm. And what are the advantages of Helm? So for the same inside this website where we explored about the installation of helm into the local system, just under this installing helm, we also have one more option which is using Helm. So let me click on that post that here there is some good introduction on how to use helm. You can read if you are interested, but I want to directly go to the section where we have Helm Search command. Helm comes with a powerful search command. Like I said before, there is a good amount of community for Helm where a lot many companies, organizations and open source developers, they build a lot of helm charts which you can search with the help of helm search. For example, here we have a command which is Helm Search Hub, WordPress. Think like you want to deploy a WordPress website into your Kubernetes cluster. For the same, first, we need to search if there are any WordPress related charts available inside the public repositories. So let me take this command and I'm trying to run this command, which is helm search hub. And what is the value that I want to search? I want to search for a word wordpress. That's why I have mentioned the same. As soon as I enter you'll be able to see all the repositories where we have a chat with the name WordPress. So you can see at lot many places we are able to see WordPress. So that's why we're able to see all of them in the output . Here also, you can see there is a statement saying that the above command will search for all WordPress charts on the artifact hub. So there are many repositories output that we receive. So we have received many repository details based upon our helm search command. So we need to choose one of the repository to install the WordPress helm chart. For the same, let's go to the website here. If you can scroll down, there is a helm install section here they have mentioned on how to install the WordPress chart available under the Bitnami repo. Like I said, Bitnami is a famous repository which maintains production ready helm charts. So we can use the same Bitnami repository to install this WordPress chart. But before we try to install this command, we need to make sure we have added the Bitnami repo details inside our local system. So how to add that for the same you can take this bitnami and search inside the Google saying that bitnami helm chart installation. So if you try to search with this, you'll get the results inside the Google search engine. And here you can click on this very first link, which is install the chart. So here you can see the very first command they have given is how to add the Bitnami repo to the local helm. So for the same so let's take this command and execute the same inside our terminal. Before that, let me try to clean this console. Here I'm trying to run the command and this will add the bitnami repo into our local system. Since I already have this repo, it gave me an output. This already exists, but in your scenario, since bitnami will not be there inside your local system, you will get a different output. Now we can safely run this helm install command. So let me copy this command and execute the same inside my terminal. So the command is helm install and what is the installation name or the release name that you want to give? So here they have given the name as Happy Panda. The name can be anything and post that Bitnami indicates what is the repository and this repo which is Bitnami. What is the helm chart? The helm chart name is WordPress. So if I try to run this command, my helm is going to install the chart available inside the Bitnami repo. And you will also get an output saying that the installation is complete and how to access the WordPress website. So here if you try to read the very first point they highlighted that you can get the WordPress URL by running these commands and these are the commands. But before that we have a note saying that it may take few minutes for the load balancer IP to be available. So we need to be patient and we need to give 1 or 2 minutes for this to get complete. So to understand what is the URL of WordPress, we can try to copy this entire command and execute the same inside our terminal. And this will give you an output saying that the WordPress URL is http localhost, whereas if you want to log in as an admin, you need to access the URL, which is http localhost/admin . So let me go to the browser and try to access the same. First, I will try to access the normal URL. So here I'm trying to access and you can see I got a sample WordPress web page. So what is WordPress famous for? To build the blog website. So that's why we are able to see some sample blog website. If you are not able to access it, please wait for 1 to 2 minutes. You can also confirm the deployment status inside the dashboard. So as of now you can see whatever helm chart that we have installed. It did a lot of work behind the scenes. First, you can check and deployments. There is a deployment happen and similarly, under the pods you will be able to see two parts. One is related to the Mariadb, which my blog website is going to use behind the scenes. And the second part is related to the WordPress website itself and we'll be having replica set details and similarly you will be able to see the service details. So my maria db is exposed as cluster IP because I don't have any requirement to access from outside of the cluster. My WordPress website is going to access it internally within the cluster. Whereas the WordPress website is deployed as LoadBalancer service type because we need to access it from outside of the cluster. That's why we have the LoadBalancer service type here. Very similarly, you can go and check what are the config maps created. So here this is a config map which has all these environment property details and similarly you can go to secrets and here there are two secrets one with the name happy-panda-wordpress and the other one related to the database. So if I try to click on this WordPress secret, so here we have a password that we can use to access the website as an admin. So this way behind the scenes, my helm chart did a lot of job for me to set up these website with production ready standards. So now let me try to access as an admin for the same, I just need to access path localhost/admin, but it is going to ask me the username and password, password we already saw previously. This is going to be the password. We can also try to get the username and password from the instructions that we have received on the terminal. So inside the terminal you can see under the third point they have highlighted how to get the username and password so you can try to take these command and run the same inside your terminal. And this will give what is the username. Username is user and this is the password. So let me copy the password. Here the username is going to be user and password I have pasted and post that I'm going to click on this login. Now you can see I'm able to access my WordPress website as an admin. Here I can create new blogs or new articles as an admin of this WordPress website. So the point that I want you to highlight here is did you see how easily I'm able to set up all these WordPress websites very easily with the help of Helm chart, I just ran a single command which is helm install command and behind the scenes it ran so many Kubernetes manifest files. So do you want to see what are all the files that it has executed? So for the same we need to understand where the helm chart inside your local system is saved. So to understand the same, we need to run the command which is helm e env. So this will give you output about your health. Here I just wanted to highlight you that all our helm charts are going to be saved under these cache home, which means user, easybeats/librar/caches/Helm. So let me copy this path. I will try to access the same. So inside this helm folder we have another folder with the name repository. And here we have a helm chart with the name wordpress. So let's try to extract this compressed file. So inside my local system I extracted this by double clicking on this file. So if you try to open this WordPress, you will be able to see the list of files available inside the helm chart with the name WordPress. So let's try to understand more details about the structure of helm charts in the next lecture. In the same process, I'm going to show you all the Kubernetes manifest files that my helm ran behind the scenes to set up the WordPress website. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.