Inside this lecture, let's try to understand what is the helm chart structure. Any time you try to create your own helm chart or you try to use the third party helm chart, it is going to follow the predefined structure. So let's try to understand the same. Like you can see here on the left hand side. First we'll be having the folder with the name of the helm chart. In the previous lecture we installed the chart with the name wordpress. Using the same name, a parent folder will be created inside this parent folder wordpress. We are going to have two Yaml files and two different sub folders. So let's try to understand about each of them. The very first Yaml file we are going to have inside the wordpress folder is chart.yaml. So this chart.yaml file is going to have meta information about the helm chart. Like what is the chart version? So all such kind of meta information about the chart itself is going to be maintained inside this chart.yaml. . The next yaml file is values.yaml. Inside the values.yaml, we need to maintain all the dynamic values that we want to inject at runtime into the template files and after these files are going to have two subfolders. The very first sub folder is charts. So inside this charts folder we will have other helm charts which my current chart is dependent on and post that under the template sub folder. We are going to maintain all the required Kubernetes manifest template Yaml files so into this template Yaml files only at runtime my helm chart is going to inject all the dynamic values that we have mentioned inside the values.yaml. . So let's try to validate the same helm chart structure by exploring the wordpress helm chart that we have created in the previous lecture. So here, like you can see the parent folder name is wordpress because our helm chart name itself is wordpress. So if you go to into this folder, we are going to have all the files that we have discussed. You can ignore the files with the name helmignore,Chat.lock and values.schema.json. So those are the files which are going to be maintained by the helm and they are not going to have any impact on us and we also don't have to create them manually. So here let's explore the very first file which is chart.yaml. So if I try to open this with sublime text here, I have all the details like about my helm chart. Like what is the API version? What is the app version? What are the dependencies that my helm chart has? So right now my helm chart has dependency on other helm charts with the name Memcache, Mariadb and common. And similarly there is a description about this helm chart like wordpress is the world's most popular blogging and content management platform, so this is the description of the helm chart. And similarly, we have other metadata information like who is going to maintain them and what is the source of this helm chart and what is the version of this helm chart. So all these details are available here. So these are all related to the metadata information about the helm chart. The next file we can explore is values.yaml. So let me also open the values.yaml file. So the values.yaml file will have all the dynamic values required for the templates that we have inside the helm chart. So these are all the key and value pairs. And there are some values, there are some empty values. So all these values are going to be injected at runtime by the helm. So here you can see they have given the Docker image details using which the deployment is going to happen. So here we have good amount of values. So all these values are going to be used by the helm chart at runtime to prepare the Kubernetes manifest files based upon the templates that we have inside the templates folder. So now if you go and observe the charts folder inside this will be having all the dependent chart details. So right now my chart is dependent on three other charts with the name common, mariadb and memcached. So if you try to open any of these chart, they again will have the structure of helm chart because at the end of the day, this mariadb also is a helm chart. So now if you go back to the parent folder here, we can go inside that templates folder, inside the templates folder, you can see we have that template files for all kind of required Kubernetes manifest files. Since we want to do the deployment of our microservices, there is a deployment related template file with the name deployment.yaml. We can try to open the same. So here I'm going to open the templates folder and open the deployment.yaml. Inside this deployment.yaml file you can see there is a template by following the standards of Kubernetes manifest file for the kind deployment. Apart from the Kubernetes manifest file syntax, they are also trying to inject a lot many runtime dynamic values that they have defined inside these values.yaml file. So please note that these values.yaml file will have values for all kind of template files apart from deployment.yaml template file. We also have many other template files. So all these template files they are going to refer for the values defined inside these values.yaml. . With this, I'm assuming your super clear about the structure of the helm charts, but as of now you can see we installed a third party helm chart which is already readily available. For our microservices do you think a helm chart will be readily available? Off course not. We should build our own helm chart by following our own business requirements and Kubernetes manifest files. Once we build a helm chart, we can deploy all our microservices using the same with a single command. Always, we just need to maintain the values.yaml file for different, different environments for based upon our requirements. So as a next step, we need to create our own helm chart related to easy bank. Before that, let me try to uninstall the wordpress related helm chart because it is already occupying good amount of memory inside my Kubernetes cluster. I no more need these wordpress helm chart. So before I try to uninstall, I'm going to run the command which is helm ls. So this is going to show you the list of installations that we have done with the help of Helm. Like you can see here, we got an output. The name of the release is going to be Happy Panda. And this is installed inside the default namespace and its revision is one and status is deployed and the chart that we have used is wordpress and so on and so version and post that we also have app version and this app version comes from the metadata information available inside that chart.yaml. So whatever this app version we are able to see here, this belongs to the wordpress app, but whatever version you see here, this belongs to the helm chart. So here we are using the wordpress helm chart with the version 17 .1.4. With this helm chart, we are trying to deploy a wordpress website which has a version of 6.3.1. So this app version information we can maintain inside the chart yaml you can go and check inside the chart.yaml you will be able to see this version number. So now I have only one release installed with the help of helm and the same I want to uninstall. So what is the command to uninstall? It is going to be super easy. helm uninstall and what is your release name? The release name that we have given here is happy - panda. So as soon as I execute this, the Uninstallation will complete. Now if I go and check my Kubernetes dashboard here you can see there are no workloads to display inside my dashboard. I can confirm by going to the deployment there are no deployments, there are no pods, there is no replicaset and similarly, all services are deleted. And now I can also confirm inside the config maps those config maps related to wordpress are deleted and the same I can confirm under the secrets as well. So with a single helm uninstall command, I'm able to uninstall my entire wordpress website. So that is the power of helm chart. So let's try to adopt this helm chart for our Eazy Bytes Microservices. I hope this is all clear to you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.