Instructor: As of now, we install a Helm chart which is available inside one of the public repository. With the same Helm chart, we set up the WordPress website. But in any real projects or in any enterprise organizations, they should build their own Helm charts based upon their microservices requirements. So that's why we should also try to build our own Helm chart so that using the same Helm chart, we can deploy all our microservices into the Kubernetes cluster with a single command and very similarly we can also uninstall with a single command, and this will make our life very easy in maintaining any number of Kubernetes manifest files for any number of microservices that we may have inside our organization. So to get started, I came to my workspace location and here I'm going to create a new folder. And the name that I'll give to this folder is Section_16 because right now we are into the 16th section. Inside this new folder that I have created, I'm going to create one more folder with the name Helm. Once I created this folder, inside this Helm folder only, I'm going to create all the Helm charts that I need for my microservices deployment. So let me open my terminal at this location. For the same, I'm going to copy the path of this folder location and I will go to my terminal. Inside my terminal, I'm going to run the cd command, cd, and what is the space that I want to navigate. So inside the section 16, I want to go into Helm folder. Now I'm at the right location. As a next step, I can try to create a Helm chart inside this folder. So to create the Helm chart, we can run the command which is helm create and what is the name that we want to give for our Helm chart? So the name that I want to give here is eazybank-common because first, I'm going to build a Helm chart that is going to act as a common chart for all my microservices. So that's why I'm giving this name. So as soon as I enter inside my folder location, a Helm chart might have created with the name eazybank-common. We can validate the same here. So here I have a folder and inside this folder, we have a Helm chart with all the predefined files and folders that we have discussed previously. So whenever we try to create a Helm chart with the help of helm create command, the Helm is going to give some predefined Helm chart. This predefined Helm Chart is going to have some content to deploy a website. Since we want to write our own content, what we can do here is first we can try to delete all the template files that we have inside our Helm chart and post that, I'll also open the values.yaml. So inside the values.yaml, we have many values related to NGINX. Because using this NGINX only, the default Helm chart is going to deploy a website. So since we don't want to follow these values, we can remove all the values and as a next step, I'm going to check if there are any dependencies that this particular chart has. Under charts, you can see as of now, it is empty which means the default chart that is created by the Helm does not have any dependent Helm charts. So we should be good with this empty Helm chart folder. As a next step, I will open this Chart.yaml. Inside this Chart.yaml, you can see I have opened this YAML file in Visual Code ID. The API version is v2. I'm fine with that. I'm fine with the name, description, and type as application, and the version here is 0.1.0. So this indicates what is the version of your Helm chart, so I'm fine with the default value. The next value here we have is appVersion. So what is a version off app that you're trying to build? Since the default Helm chart that is provided by the Helm has some NGINX website, it has a version which is 1.16.0, but I want to maintain my own app version so I'll just keep it as 1.0.0. So once we make these default changes, as a next step, I'm going to create the required template files for my Eazy Bank microservices. If you can recall in the previous section to deploy all our microservices, we have written deployment manifest file, and service manifest file, and config map. As of now, my microservices need only these manifest files to deploy my microservices into the Kubernetes cluster. So that's why I'm going to create three template files inside this Helm chart which can be used by all my microservices like accounts, loans, cards, and many other microservices that I have inside my microservice network. For the same, I'm going to paste three template files inside this folder. Post that, we can discuss all of them in detail. So here I am pasting few files. Like you can see, I have pasted three files, so let's try to open them and try to discuss them one-by-one. The first file that I want to discuss is about the service.yaml because this is simple YAML template file. So let me open this. So here by looking at this YAML file, you can easily understand this is a Helm template but not a Kubernetes manifest file because you're able to see these curly braces throughout the YAML file, and that is a hint for you. So now let's try to understand in detail about this template. So first, I'm trying to define a name for this entered template. The name is common.service. So with the help of this define function or define keyword, we are trying to give a name to this entire Kubernetes template file so that other microservice Helm charts that we are going to build in future, they can try to refer with the name common.service. So that's a purpose of define here and whatever hyphens that you see at the starting and at the end, those are helpful to trim any space that you may have before and after of your statement. So basically Helm is using Go template language and in few places it also uses Spring template language. but we don't have to go deep dive into the Helm because we are trying to learn Helm on a high level, Helm itself need a separate course to learn everything about Helm. But we, as developers, we don't have to learn everything about Helm. So whenever we are defining a name for your template with the help of this define, at the end, we should also close that by using this end statement. So whatever we have defined between the define and end. So this template will be assigned to your name which is common.service. So now inside the template, the first element that I have is apiVersion with the value v1 and the kind is service. So these are static values. They are never going to change. That's why I'm directly mentioning the key and value for them. Now under the metadata name, I need to inject a dynamic value. So whoever is going to use this template YAML file, they need to provide a service name inside their values.yaml. The same name will get injected here, so values is a Helm framework object. So inside that values object, keys and values that you have defined inside your values.yaml will be available and to access them, I need to use .Values. and what is a key name of the property. So the key name is going to be serviceName and similarly under the specification selector app, we are using a key which is appLabel inside the Values object and the type for the service we are going to read with a key which is service.type. When I show you the values example for this template file, then it is going to make more sense to you. But now please note that all the values that we have mentioned inside these curly braces, along with the values object, those are going to be dynamically injected at runtime by the Helm based upon the values that we are going to provide. Now under the ports, we have the name as http and the protocol is TCP, and post that, we need to provide what is the port and what is the target port. Since these are dynamic values, I'm trying to read them with the help of values object with a key as service port and service target port. So I hope this is clear. Now very similarly let me open the deployment template YAML file so that we can discuss the same. So here I have a deployment.yaml file. Let me try to open that. Here also we are using the same, define and the end. The name that we are giving for these template is common.deployment. Under the apiVersion, we are giving apps/v1 and the kind is going to be deployment. Under the metadata, name, label, apps, we are trying to inject some dynamic values. Now under the specification, replicas. We are trying to get the replica count from the values and post that, selector, matchLabels, app. Also we're trying to inject the appLabel value. Now under the templates metadata labels app, here also we're trying to give the appLabel name. Under the specification, we are trying to give a name to the container with the same variable which is appLabel. Post that, under the image, we're trying to provide the image details based upon the values which has a key-like image repository and after the image, we're also providing the tag using this image.tag. Under ports, we are mentioning the container port and protocol is going to be TCP. Now after defending all the container-related properties, we should also try to inject environment variables that are required for my particular microservice. That's why you can see here I have started a new element with the name env. I'm trying to inject many properties, but against each property I have a if condition. So inside Helm we can write the if check by using this if .Values.appname_enabled. So if this Boolean value has true, then this entered environment variable is going to be injected into the particular microservice deployment.yaml file. So each if check has to end with the end statement. So the reason why I have written this if check is maybe there might be some microservice where I don't have to pass the property which is SPRING_APPLICATION_NAME. So for such microservice, we can have the appName_enabled as false inside the Values.yaml, and with that, this environment will not be injected into the Kubernetes manifest file. I hope this is clear. So for this environment property, we are trying to assign the value from using the appName variable. I'm not trying to inject the value with the help of ConfigMap. The reason is it's going to be different for different microservices, so I can directly mention what is the name inside the Values.yaml of the particular microservice. Post that, I'm using one more if condition which is if the profile is enabled. So for some microservices, we want to inject a environment variable which is SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE. So using this environment property, we can tell to the Spring Boot application whether we want to start our application with a prod profile, or QA profile, or a default profile. So that's why I have mentioned this profile_enabled condition. Only if this is true, then only this environment variable is going to be injected. So the value for this environment variable, I'm going to get it from the ConfigMap with the name that I have mentioned inside the value.global.configMap name. So the key inside the ConfigMap is going to be the SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE only. So based upon this key inside the config map, my Helm is going to look up for the value. The same is going to be assigned to these environment variable which is SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE. So very similarly if the config_enabled is true, then I'm going to inject the SPRING_CONFIG_IMPORT environment variable and post that, based upon eureka_enabled, I'm trying to inject this environment variable which is related to the Eureka service URL. And at last, using this resourceserver_enabled, that means if my microservice is acting as a resource server inside OR2 which is going to be the scenario for gateway server, I'm going to inject this environment variable. For all the remaining microservices other than gateway server, this Boolean is going to be false. And with that, we are now going to inject this value in all the other microservices except in gateway server. And class, since we are going to set up the entire microservice network, along with the Grafana OpenTelemetry. So for the same, we need to inject some properties like what is the location where our OpenTelemetry jar is available. So the same, I'm going to inject with the help of this JAVA_TOOLS_OPTION and this property is going to be injected only when the otel is enabled for a particular microservice. And if the same otel_enabled is true, I'm also trying to inject other environment variables like what is the OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT to which we need to provide the what is the endpoint URLs where my OpenTelemetry can send the details. And after these property, we also need to mention these OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER and class, we also need to inject these environment available which is OTEL_SERVICE_NAME. All these otel-related environment variables, along with the Java tool options we discussed inside the observability and the monitoring section, I hope you will remember them. If you have some questions, you can look at the Docker Compass files that we have built in those sections and with that, you should be able to understand why we are injecting these properties. So these four properties, we are going to inject only these otel_enabled. And after these otel_enabled, we also have one more if condition which is kafka_enabled. Since I'm going to show you the demo of complete microservice setup inside this section, I'm going to leverage Kafka to demo you the event-driven microservices. So for the same, like you know, the accounts microservice and the message microservice, they're going to connect with the Kafka broker. So for those microservices, I'm going to mention the kafka_enabled as true. So whenever this variable is true, then we need to inject these environment along with the environment value from the ConfigMap. So this is that deployment.yaml file. As an next step, let me open the ConfigMap template that I have returned. So here we have a configmap.yaml. If you try to understand, this is very simple. First, I'm trying to give a name to this ConfigMap template with the name common.configmap. And post that, apiVersion v1, kind as ConfigMap, and the name I'm trying to give from the Values.global.configMapName. So I'm going to follow a standard. Wherever I mentioned a prefix value as global, so that property name is going to be common for all microservices inside my microservice network. So the ConfigMap name is going to be common for all the microservices. That's why I'm mentioning the global as a prefix. And very similarly, SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE, I'm going to read from the values.object with a key as global.activeProfile. Same for SPRING_CONFIG_SUPPORT, eurekaServiceURL, and what is a Spring Security resource server URL where my gateway server can get a certificate of my key clock. So those details also I'm going to provide with the help of this key clock URL and at last, with the help of these Java tool options, I'm going to mention where is a path of OpenTelemetry Java agent. So if you see here, I'm trying to create all the environments that we have used inside the deployment.yaml, but I'm not trying to mention the direct hard-coded values inside the ConfigMap.yaml because I may have different requirement. Like for dev environment, I may have different profile, different URLs. And similarly for QA and prod, I may have different values. So that's why we are going to maintain values.yaml for different environments, but the template is going to be the same. That's why I'm trying to mention these variable names instead of hard-coded values inside this template file. So with this, I'm assuming you are clear about these three template YAML files that I have returned inside the eazybank-common Helm chart. As a next step, we can check values.yaml and make sure this is empty because this Helm chart which is eazybank-common, this is going to be leveraged by the other Helm charts. So whoever is going to leverage this common Helm chart, they are going to provide their own values.yaml. And this Helm chart which is eazybank-common does not have any specific requirements to pass its own values, so that's why we are going to keep the values.yaml for this Helm chart as empty. So with this eazybank-common Helm chart, we have prepared a common Helm chart which has template files related to surveys, deployment, and ConfigMap. As a next step, we need to create the Helm charts which can leverage these templates and provide their own values.yaml based upon the microservices requirement. So let's try to do the same in the next lecture. Thank you, and I'm assuming you're super clear, bye.