Inside this lecture, I'm going to show you how to create a helm chart for our accounts microservice by leveraging the easybank-commonhelmchart. Because inside this easybank-common only, we have defined all the required Kubernetes manifest template files. So my accounts microservice it has to use this templates and post that it should also mention the values inside the values.yaml. For the same, I'm going to create a new folder here with the name easybank-services because inside this folder I'm going to create all the helm charts that are required for my microservices. So let me go inside this folder, now from my terminal also, I'll navigate to the new folder that I have created, which is easybank services. And inside this folder only, I'm going to create a new helm chart with the name accounts. For the same, I'm going to run the command again, which is helm create and what is a helm chart name. The helm chart name this time I want to give is accounts because this is a helm chart related to accounts microservice. Inside my easybank-services, I have a new folder with the name accounts. Like we discussed before, first, we need to delete all the templates that we received from the default helm chart. And very similarly I will also delete the values.yaml content. So here I'm trying to delete it and post that I'm going to open the chart.yaml of accounts helm chart. So here you can see the name is accounts. I'm fine with the description, I'll go to the API version and here also I will change this to 1.0.0. So now inside the same chart.yaml, I need to define if this helm chart has any dependency on other helm charts. We know that this helm chart which is accounts microservice related helm chart has a dependency on the easybank-commonhelmchart. So how to define those details, for the same just after the app version we can try to mention a new element which is dependencies. And inside this dependencies we can mention the list of helm chart that this particular chart has dependencies. So here first we need to make sure we are mentioning the name of the helm chart, which is easybank-common and post that please mention the version of helm chart of easybank-common. If you go and check the easybank-command and open this chart.yaml it has the version which is 0.1.0 the same version we need to mention here also. And after the version we need to mention repository element. And to this repository we need to provide the path where this easybank-helm chart is available. If your helm chart is available inside a URL, you can mention directly the URL details, but right now, since my helm chart is available inside my local system, I need to mention this file post that colon followed by two forward slash and I need to mention these two dots and I'm going to repeat the two dots one more time. The reason I'm mentioning these two dots two times is from this location where this chart.yaml is present. The Easy Bank common helm chart is available two folders outside. So this is the chart of accounts helm chart. So I'll go one folder up and I'll be into this folder. If I navigate one folder up one more time, I'll go to the folder where my easybank common is present. That's why we need to mention these two dots two times and followed by what is your helm chart name? So once we have defined these dependencies, we should be good. As a next step, I need to provide that templates inside the accounts helm chart. So as of now my templates folder is empty. Here you may have a question like we already defined that templates inside the easybank common. Then why should we define again here? I'm going to answer that question in few seconds, but before that let me copy the template files into this folder location. So here I have pasted two template files with the name deployment.yaml and service.yaml because to deploy my accounts microservice, I just need to apply the deployment manifest file and service manifest file. I don't have any other requirements. If you have other requirements where you need to define other Kubernetes objects, then definitely you need to define the template files specific to those Kubernetes objects. So if you try to open this Yaml files and try to understand what is there, you will get your answer. So here I'm just trying to refer other template that I have defined with the name common.deployment. Do you recall where we have defined this template inside the easy bank common helm chart? We have defined this template with the name common.deployment, so I'm simply trying to refer to the template available inside the other helm chart, which is easy bank common. So that's why first we need to make sure we added the dependencies and post that only we should be able to use this template. And what is the name of the template by following the syntax. Please make sure this dot is also present because this is a syntax that we need to follow. So now very similarly, if I go and observe the service.yaml template file, the same kind of setup will be there. Like where I'm trying to refer the other template with the name common.service. So with this I'm assuming your question is answered. So as a next step, we need to populate all the required values inside the values.yaml of accounts microservice. So for the same let me open this values.yaml. As of now it is empty file. So here I'm going to paste few properties inside these values.yaml like you can see first I'm trying to mention a key with the name deployment name. So for this deployment name key. I'm passing a value which is accounts-deployment. So if you try to open the deployment.yaml file that we have written inside the easybank comman, then we should be able to understand. So let me open the same. So inside my easybank command there is a template with the name deployment.yaml. So here we are trying to use the same variable which is deployment name which I have defined inside the values.yaml. So very similarly I'm trying to mention what is the service name, what is the app label, what is the app name, what is the replica account under the image.repository I'm trying to mention what is the image name that my template has to consider for accounts microservice and what is the tag name, since we want to deploy all the code from the section14 where we have implemented Kafka related changes, I'm trying to use the same tag which is s14 and post that under the container port. I have mentioned the 8080. And the service type here I'm mentioning the cluster IP because I don't want to expose my accounts microservice to the outside world. I want to restrict only my gateway server can communicate our other internal microservices within the cluster they can communicate. So with that reason, the service type, I'm going to mention the cluster IP. So whatever value we have mentioned here, this will be mapped to the service.yaml file that we have defined inside the templates folder of easybank common chart. So if you see here there is a variable with the name values.service.type. The same will be referred from the values.yaml, which we have defined inside the accounts. Microservice specific helm chart and post that service.port. I have mentioned 8080 and service.target port 8080 because we want to start our accounts microservice at the port 8080. Now here if you see I have defined some variables and to these variables I have defined some boolean values. So based upon these variables only all the environment variables that we have defined here will be injected. For example, I want to inject what is the spring application name value for my accounts microservice. That's why I'm mentioning this app name enabled as true. So if you go and check here, whenever this app name enabled is true, then we are going to create a environment property with the name spring application name. And for this the value is going to get from the app name which is present inside these values.yaml. So the app name is going to be accounts. So very similarly, I also mentioned profile enabled as true config enabled as true because my accounts micro has to connect with the config server. Very similarly, Eureka enabled as true resource server enabled as false. The reason is inside my microservices only Gateway server is going to act as a resource server accounts microservice is not an resource server. That's why it doesn't need the property related to the keycloak URL. So with that reason I have mentioned the value as false and hotel enabled as true because we want our accounts microservice to send the logs to the grafana and the distributed tracing details also to the Grafana tempo component. So with all these reasons I have mentioned the hotel enabled as true and the Kafka enabled also I have mentioned as true because accounts microservice will try to connect to the Kafka broker. So that it can communicate with the message microservice asynchronously with the help of event driven pattern. So with this we have defined all the required details inside the accounts helm chart. So I have populated values.yaml under the templates also we have pasted required templates. The chart.yaml also updated with the required dependencies, but here you can see the chart folder is empty. Previously I said all the dependent helm charts will be available inside the chart folder, but right now it is empty because we have not compiled our helm chart as of now. So for that reason we are not able to see the dependent helm chart details inside the accounts microservice So as a next step, let's try to compile this helm chart for the same inside our terminal. we need to go into the helm chart where we need to compile. So the helm chart name is accounts. Right now I'm into the helm chart location. Here I'm going to run the command, which is helm dependency followed by build. So this helm dependencies build will compile my helm chart accounts and it will also try to compile all the dependent helm charts and place them inside the chart folder. So let me try to execute this command. You can see we are getting an output saying that the compilation is successful. Let's go to the folder and try to validate the same. So right now if I go and observe the chart folder, there will be an compressed helm chart with the name Easy Bank Command and the version of the helm chart. So this is how the dependent helm chart are going to come into your own helm chart. So always make sure you are running the helm dependencies build command whenever your helm chart has dependency on other helm chart. For easy bank common, we didn't run this command because the easy bank command does not have dependency on any other helm charts. So with this I'm assuming your super clear on how to create a helm chart for a specific microservice. As a next step, we need to create the helm chart for the remaining microservices as well. So let's try to do the same very quickly in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.