As of now, we created Helm Chat for Accounts Microservice only. As a next step, let's try to create the helm chat for the remaining microservices as well. For the same, this time I'm not going to follow the all the steps that we have followed in the previous lecture, but this time simply I will take the accounts helm chat and paste the same inside the same folder, and I will rename this to cards so that this helm chat is going to act as a helm chat for Cards Microservice. . So let me open this folder and inside this we'll have a chat.yaml file. So let's open the same. Here I want to change the name from accounts to cards and post that we don't need to make any other changes. we should be good. As a next step, let me open the values.yaml because templates we don't want to touch because those are generic and chats. Also we have the compiled version of Easy comman, so we should be good with that. Also, the chat dot log will be generated by the helm whenever you try to compile your helm chart. So for some reason, if you are getting some issues during the compilation, you can always remove these chat.log and try again. For now, we don't have to compile this cards microservice again because we already have the dependent charts available in the compressed format inside the chart folder. So as a next step, let me go and open the values.yaml. Here I'm going to change few values instead of accounts I'll just mention cards in all the places the same name is going to be referred by the template Yaml files. So replica account I'll keep it as one. Now coming to the image value, I'll just mention as easybytes cards and after the image name we should be fine with the tag value. Now coming to the container port we can mention this in all the places. So let me mention under the port target, port and service type I'm fine with the cluster IP. Now coming to the boolean values. We should be fine with all these boolean values except Kafka enabled. So since my cards microservice is not going to connect with the Kafka, I can keep this as false. So with this we are good from the Cards microservice perspective. Very similarly, I'm going to create all the remaining microservices specific helm charts by following the same steps that we have discussed. So let me do this behind the scenes very quickly. So here you can see I have created the helm charts related to all the remaining microservices. We know most of the stuff is same except the values.yaml. So let's try to understand what is present inside the values.yaml of all these microservices. So first I'll go to the config server and open the values.yaml. Here the deployment name is configserver-deployment and this is the service names app label app name and this is the image name. The port is going to be 8071 service type is going to be ClusterI,  coming to the Boolean values we don't need to provide any profile details to the config server because it is going to load the properties of all the profiles. The individual micro services need this property because based upon the activated profile they need to fetch the properties from the spring cloud config server. So config enabled also should be false because my config server does not need any URL details of config server. And very similarly eureka enabled also is going to be false, resource enabled as false, hotel enabled as true and Kafka enabled as false. As a next step, let me open the values.yaml present inside the Eureka Server helm chart. Here Also the story is same, you are going to mention all the values which are specific to the Eureka Server. So the container port is going to be 8070. Now coming to the Boolean values app name is going to be true, profile enabled is going to be false, Config enabled is going to be true, Eureka enabled is going to be false and similarly resource server enabled is going to be false, otel enabled is going to be true and Kafka enabled is going to be false. Now let me open the values.yaml of Gateway Server. So under the Gateway server this time we can directly check what are there present inside this boolean values you will be able to see for Gateway server Resource server enabled is going to be true because this is the only microservice which is going to act as a resource server inside our microservice. And at the same time, since we want these to be exposed to the outside client applications, I have mentioned the service type as LoadBalancer. I hope this is clear. Now let me open the value.yaml of loans microservice inside the loans microservice. This is going to be very similar to cards and accounts microservice except the port number which is 8090 and the image name which is loans itself. And at last we can also open the values.yaml present inside the message microservice. My message, microservice is built based upon the spring cloud functions and spring cloud stream. For that reason we don't have to pass profile details, config server details, Eureka server details and that's why I have mentioned these values as false and otel enabled also false but Kafka enabled is going to be true. The port number where we are going to start these message microservices is at the value 9010. So I hope you are clear with this. This way we have created helm chart for all the remaining microservices and we don't have to compile them again because the Dependent Charts folder are already available. If you try to recompile again, the recompilation will happen and you will get the same compressed file by replacing the older one. We can try the same for one of the microservice helm chart. So let me go to the microservice helm chart and inside this I'm going to run the command helm dependencies build and here you can see I got an successful message saying that it deleted the outdated charts and replaced with a new one. But like I said, there is no need of recompiling again because we are going to use the same easybank common helm chart which we have compiled inside the accounts Microservice. Here you may have a question like we are doing a lot of manual efforts to creating these helm charts, but you said this is going to make our life easy. So please note that that this is a one time activity only once you set up your helm ecosystem, this is going to make your life super, super easy. As of now, you can see we have created the required helm chart for our microservices. But if I go with this setup, I need to install all these helm charts manually one by one, like accounts, cards, config server. I don't want to do that. That's why I'm going to create one more helm chart specific to an environment and inside that environment specific helm chart, I'm going to define all the config map related values along with the dependencies on these microservice helm charts that we have created inside this lecture. So don't worry if something is not clear how all these helm charts are going to be interlinked. When we see the demo, then it is going to make more sense to you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.