Instructor: Now inside this lecture, let's try to create Helm Chat, which is specific to an environment so that we can deploy all our microservices with a single helm chat command. But the same inside the same folder where I have Eazy Bank Command and Eazy Bank Services, I'm going to create a new folder with the name Environments. Inside this folder, I'm going to create a new helm chart. So inside my terminal I'm going to run the command, which is helm create. First I'm going to create a helm chart, which is specific to that dev environment. So for the same, I'm going to mention dev-ENV. So the name can be anything but I'm trying to give this name, which is dev-ENV. So let me try to execute this and my command will create a helm chart, the name dev-ENV. Inside this folder, first I'm going to make sure all the templates we are deleting. And similarly, I'll also delete all the values present inside the values .YAML file. So let me delete them. Now as a next step, I'm going to open the chart .YAML. So inside this chart .YAML. I'm fine with these AP version name, description, but app version, I'll just keep it as 1.0.0. So just to be consistent with the other helm charts. Now as a next step, we need to define the details of all the dependent Helm charts. You know, what is a format that we need to follow using the dependencies, we can mention any number of dependent helm chart details. So first I'm trying to mention Eazy Bank-command and post that config server, Eureka server, accounts, cards, loans, gateway server, and message. So once you have defined all these details as a next step, we can go to the templates folder. Inside my templates folder, as of now, you can see it's empty, but before I try to proceed with the next step, I have a question for you. So what are the template files that we have needed for these particular dev environment helm chart? Do we think we need deployment and service manifest files whenever we want to set up an environment? Of course we don't need because all those microservice specific template files are already present inside the helm charts, which are specific to your microservice. Inside the environment related helm chart, we just need to use the config map template because whatever we define with the help of config map, it is going to be common for all the microservices. That's why inside this templates folder we need to have a template which is related to the config map, but the same, I'm going to copy a file here. If I try to open this config .YAML here, we're not going to mention the actual template of config map because we already defined a config map template inside the Eazy Bank common Helm chart with the name as common.com config map, the same I'm trying to import here and use the same template. So with this we have set up the template files inside environment. As a next step, we should populate the values .YAML file. So as of now, you can see it is empty. So here I'm going to paste fuel values. Like you can see here, the prefix value that I have mentioned for all these values is global because whatever I'm going to define inside this values .YAML, this is going to be applicable for all my microservice. So that's why I have this prefix. But this is not a mandatory or a standard from helm. This is a prefix that I want to maintain for my own understanding. So under the global .config map name, we are trying to give what is a config map name. So the same is going to refer inside the config map template that we have created. I can try to open the same, if I go to the Eazy Bank command and open the templates folder here, I have config map .YAML. So here while we are trying to create the config map under the metadata, we need to give a name for our config map. So the name is going to get from global .config map name, which we have defined here. So for dev environment I'm going to have the name as Eazy Bank Dev-config map. And here active profile. I have mentioned QA, but this should be default because right now we are trying to build a chart for that dev environment. So inside the dev environment we want to use that default to profile of Springboot. So that's why I have mentioned the default. Now coming to the config server URL this is a value where my config server is going to be available. So here the host name has to be same as your service name that you have defined. So the service name that we have defined inside the service .YAML file of config server is config server. Similarly for Eureka server, this is the service name, the same I have mentioned as Eureka server URL. Now coming to the key cloak URL here you can see this is the host name, which is like key cloak dot default.svc.cluster.local and it is going to available at the port 80. So this is something new for you because in the coming lectures we are going to set up all the third party components like Key Cloak, Kafka, and Grafana components with the helm charts only. In that process they're going to be deployed with the production standards. So when we follow those production standards, this is how our service name is going to be built inside the Kubernetes cluster. That's why I'm trying to mention the same here. Now after this key cloak URL, I'm trying to mention where is the path where my open telemetry related jar is going to be present. And at last, what is the tempo URL of Grafana? So these are tempo URL service name? Since we are going to install Grafana tempo with the helm chart, this is how the service name is going to come and the hotel metrics exporter, I'll mention the value as none. And coming to the Kafka broker, URL, this is the value that I want to mention. So here also the service name is not going to be simple because we are going to install the Kafka with the help of helm charts available inside the web. So with all these values, this config map .YAML is going to be populated and behind the scenes a config map is going to be created inside your Kubernetes cluster. And from the same config map, all your microservices can read the values at runtime. If you have any questions, please go and check the Docker compost files that we have built, the same properties we injected into the microservices with the help of docker compost as well. So with this we have set up the values .YAML template and we also updated the chart .YAML off Dev-environment. As a next step, I need to compile these helm charts so that I will be able to see all the dependent charts inside this chart folder. So for the same, I need to go into the folder, which is Dev-ENV. And here I'm going to run the command, which is helm dependencies build. So this is going to compile all the dependents, helm charts, the compilation is successful. Let me go to the folder location. So now you can see under the charts folder I have all the dependent Helm charts available in a packaged or compressed format. So with this, we set up a helm chart for one environment, which is Dev. Very similarly, I'm going to set up for QA and production as well. For the same, let me copy the same helm chart and rename these two QA-ENV. Post that, I'm going to open the chart .YAML here we can change the name to QA-ENV. And with that, we should be good from chart .YAML perspective. As a next step, we can update the values .YAML. Here, the changes that we need to do is under the active profile we need to mention the profile value as QA. And similarly, I will just make the config map name as easy bank QA-config map. And apart from that, we don't have to change any other values, but for some reason if you are having some different host names, service names inside your specific environment, you can always update these values. So with this we set up the QA environment Helm chart also. As a next step, let me copy the QA environment and rename this to prod-ENV. I'll go inside this folder and I'll open the chart .YAML and rename this name to prod-ENV. And post that I'll open the values .YAML. And here I'll just mention the act two profile as prod. And I'll also update the config map name as Eazy Bank Prod-config map. So with this, we have created all the required helm charts for all the environments. So now whenever I want to set up my microservices, I can simply install one of the helm chart like dev, ENV or prod ENV or QA ENV. Behind the scenes, it is also going to install all the remaining microservices along with the required config map. I hope this is clear. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.