As of now, we have done a lot of pre-work on preparing our own helm charts, which are specific to easybank microservice. Sometimes before you try to install your helm charts, you may want to know how your Kubernetes manifest files is going to look like that are going to be generated by your helm chart. So to do the same validation, we have a command inside the helm. So the command is helm template. So with the help of these helm template command, we can see all the Kubernetes files that are going to be generated by your helm. And the same Kubernetes manifest files are also going to be installed inside your Kubernetes cluster. So it will be a wise decision to validate the Kubernetes manifest files before we try to install them into the Kubernetes cluster. So to execute this helm template command, we need to make sure our terminal is opened inside your helm chart. As of now, you can see I am into the folder which is dev-env. So from this location I can try to run the command which is helm template space dot. So with this dot I'm telling my helm template is available in this folder only. Please access the same and show me all the Kubernetes manifest files that you are going to prepare. So I'm trying to execute this. You can expect a big output, but instead we are getting an error. So let me try to see why we are getting this error. So seems there is a problem inside my common.service template file which I have defined inside the chart. Easy bank command. So let me open the same. So here I'll go inside this folder and open the templates folder and post that I'm going to open this service.yaml. So here, for some reason by mistake I have mentioned the variable name against the port as value some special character.port. So this is not the correct value. Let me try to delete this and mention service.port. So this is the correct value. So these are culprit. I'm not sure how this got introduced somewhere without my intention. I might have pressed some key inside my keyboard. Apologies for that. Now let's go to the terminal since we have made some changes inside the easybank-common chart. We need to recompile all the charts where they have dependency on the easybank-common. So for the same, let me go to the easybank services folder location. Inside the easybank services folder location, first, I'll go to the accounts helm chart and here I'm going to run the command, which is helm dependencies build. So what I will do is, behind the scenes, I will try to run this command for all the remaining microservices. Now, behind the scenes, I have compiled all the microservice specific helm charts. As a next step, I will go to the folder location which is related to environments. So let me go back and go into the environments folder and inside this I'll navigate back to the dev-env and here I'm going to run the command which is helm dependencies build because I want to recompile dev environment also. Very similarly, we can also recompile the other environments that we have like qa env post qa env, I'm going to recompile again for prod env as well. So let me go inside my prod env and post that I'm going to run the helm dependencies build. Now this time it should work. So let me try to run the command which is help template. and like you can see this time we are getting the output of all our Kubernetes manifest files that it is going to generate for our microservices. For example, for message microservice this is the deployment instruction. The metadata name is going to be message hyphen, deployment and replicas is going to be one. And these are all the environment variables that we are going to inject for message microservice. Similarly, you can validate all the Kubernetes manifest file. This is going to be a big output because we have around seven microservices. For all of them, the helm provided Kubernetes manifest files, so these are all the actual Kubernetes manifest files that will get executed into the Kubernetes cluster when you try to install a specific environment helm chart. So you can also quickly validate for other environments as well. Since we right now execute the helm template command for prod environment, we are getting the config map name as easybank prod hyphen config map. So if you try to execute helm template for other environments, you should be able to see a different config map name. So let me clean the console and go back to the one of the environments. Maybe I'll go to the dev-env and run the command which is helm template dot and this time also I'm getting successful output. If needed, you can also validate the same for environment as well. I'm sure it is going to work. So as a next step to deploy all our microservices into the Kubernetes cluster, we can simply install one of the environment helm chart. But before that we need to make sure we also set up. keycloak, Kafka and Grafana related components inside our Kubernetes cluster. For those, we don't have to prepare any helm charts manually because all these products are heavily used by the industry. And with that reason, many open source communities and organizations they built the helm charts specific to these components like Kafka, Keycloak and Grafana. So let's try to explore them and try to learn how to set up those components, with the help of Helm. I hope you are clear up to this point. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.