Sometimes once you install all your microservices with the help of helm chart, you may want to roll out new changes of your microservices or you may want to update your microservices deployment with a new values. Like maybe you want to increase the replicas from 1 to 2 or 2 to 5 based upon your requirements. Or you may want to deploy a new Docker image into your Kubernetes cluster. So previously we saw how to roll out and roll back changes with the help of Kubernetes and Kubectl Command. So now let me show you how to do the same with the help of Helm commands as well. For the same first, let me go to the folder location inside my helm folder location. I need to go into the environments folder inside this, I'm going to go inside the prod env folder because right now we install the chart of production environment only. Here inside my helm folder, I'm going to make a small change. The change is inside the gateway server. So let me go to the gateway server and open the values.yaml. So as of now, the tag that we have deployed for Gateway Server is s14. I will change this to s12 so that no authentication information are no authorization information will be required by my gateway server. I should be able to access any API with the help of my gateway server. So let me save this change and post that I need to recompile my production environment helm chart because my production environment helm chart has a dependency on the Gateway Server helm chart. For that reason, I need to go to the folder which is prod env and here I need to run the command which is helm dependencies build. Once the build is completed we can run a command which is helm upgrade and what is the release name that we have given. The release name that we have given is easybank after the release name, we need to provide the helm chart details, but since I'm into the wrong location so let me go back to the parent folder which is into the environments from this location, I'm going to run the command helm upgrade easy bank and post that what is a helm chart name the helm chart name is prod-env. So if I try to execute this, my helm is smart enough to identify what are the changes and deploy the same changes into the Kubernetes cluster. And it is also going to give the revision number as two. Now I'll go to the Kubernetes dashboard. Inside my Kubernetes dashboard, I'll go to the pods and I will look for the pod, which has a name Gateway Server. I'm trying to open that and look for the logs. And here my gateway server is starting, so I'm going to wait for a few more seconds so that my gateway server deployment will complete. After few seconds my Gateway server application started successfully. To validate if my changes are really deployed or not. I can try to invoke one of the post API without any security. So inside our postman we have an API with the name Accounts_Post_Noauth . This API I'm going to invoke and I should not get 401 error, but here I'm getting 401 unauthorized error only. I made a very dumb mistake. The tag name that we should update is not s12, it should be S11. If you see here, section 12 has changes related to Oauth2, whereas section 11 does not have any security related changes. So this is a very dumb mistake. Let me correct this. So first inside my values.yaml, I'm going to update the tag name to s11 and post that I'm going to navigate into the prod env folder and run the helm dependencies build. Once the build is completed, I will navigate back to the parent folder and run the helm upgrade command. So this time I'll get the revision as three. So let's wait for my deployment to complete. Inside the pods, a new gateway server pod is trying to create. You can see the age of the pod. I'll go to the logs and I will wait here for my gateway server to completely start. After few seconds, my gateway server started successfully. Let me go to the postman. Here this time they should not be any surprises and you should get a successful response. You can see here I got a successful response even though I have not sent any authentication information. So this confirms the helm upgrade command is working fine, so this way we can make any number of changes inside our helm charts and run the helm upgrade command and your helm is going to take care of deploying only the changes related to the new changes that you have done. Similarly, if you want, you can change the replica count from 1 to 5 or 1 to 3. So it's up to you what change you want to do. I'm not doing any change related to replica count because inside my local system my laptop is already cursing me a lot, saying that how much weight I need to bear it is eagerly looking towards me to uninstall all these components from Kubernetes cluster so that it will get free from all the burden it is right now carrying. So jokes apart. As of now, we saw how to roll out the new changes with the help of Helm Upgrade Command. Very similarly, we need to know how to roll back the changes if needed, with the help of Helm Command. So let's try to explore the same in the next lecture. Thank you. Bye.