Just like how we can install an entire microservice setup with a single command of helm. Very similarly, we can also uninstall all our microservices with a single command of helm. So inside this lecture I'm going to show you a demo of Helm Uninstall Command. So using Helm Uninstall Command, we can uninstall all our microservices from a Kubernetes cluster. So this command is going to be super, super helpful whenever you want to shut down your entire Kubernetes cluster. This is especially is going to be helpful inside the lower environments. Before I try to run the helm uninstall command, first, let me show you the what are all the installations that we have done with the help of helm. For the same, we can run this command helm ls and this is going to show you all the releases that we have installed with the help of Helm. First, I will try to uninstall Easy Bank and with that, all the microservices that we have deployed with the help of easy bank will get deleted. So the command, like I said, is helm uninstall And what is the name of your helm release? So the name is Easy Bank and as soon as I execute the Uninstallation process will get started behind the scenes. So very similarly, let me try to uninstall the remaining components. For example, I'm going to uninstall this time Grafana. Once the Uninstallation of Grafana is completed, I will do the uninstallation of tempo followed by loki. After low key, I will uninstall Prometheus and after Prometheus I'm going to uninstall Kafka followed by Keycloak. So with this we have uninstalled all the releases. Now if I try to run the command helm ls, you can see I got an empty result. We can also validate these inside the Kubernetes dashboard. Inside my Kubernetes dashboard, I got an output saying that there is nothing to display here. That means all my pods, all my deployments, services, config maps, secrets, everything got deleted except persistent volume claims. So please make sure you are deleting all these persistent volume claims. Otherwise next time when we try to install Keycloak, Kafka and other helm charts, it is going to create some issues. I'm not sure if this is a bug on the helm or if they are doing this intentionally, but I faced many issues due to these persistent volume claims being not deleted whenever we try to do an installation of helm chart. So to delete these persistent volume claims, you can select these and click on this delete button. So let me do the same for all the remaining PVS that I have here. With this our Kubernetes cluster right now will be empty and my laptop also is going to be super happy because I reduce all the load that it is bearing from last few hours. So with this, I'm assuming you are super, super clear about Helm. What is the purpose of Helm? What is the features provided by the helm? And here you may have a question like is helm is the only option I have. Off course there are other products also. One of the famous product, which is a competitor for Helm is customize. So if you go to the customize.io, this is also going to solve all the problems that Helm is solving. Customize also has a different approach and a lot many people, they also use customize because customize is very easy to learn. It has very less learning curve compared to hell. But the reason I choose Helm to introduce you is Helm has a very good ecosystem. Like with the helm, we can solve our own deployment challenges. And apart from that, there are many Bitnami charts or other community charts available for us to install many components or many products inside our Kubernetes cluster, whereas this community is missing for the customize. That's why many projects who started with customize later on they will realize the benefit of Helm community and they will end up using both customize and helm charts. So instead my recommendation is to go with the helm charts because helm chart is more complex product, it has more capabilities compared to the customize. So this is my personal opinion. But for some reason if you feel like customize is good enough for your project, feel free to use the same. You can read more details about this Customize in the official documentation present in this website. I hope you are clear about the discussion. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.