So far, so good. We have been talking about how to create generic methods. We have been talking about bounded type parameters, but the most complicated parts are still ahead of us. So let's talk about maybe the most confusing part of generics, the so-called wild cards. So if we want to understand why do we need wild cards in Java, then first of all, we have to talk about the main features of object oriented programming as far as subtypes and super types are concerned. So subtyping is a fundamental principle in object oriented programming. Of course, one type is a subtype of another. If they are related by an extends or implements clause. Of course, in Java we can create interfaces and the given class can implement a given interface. And of course a given class may extend another class. This is called inheritance, and with the help of inheritance we can define subclasses and parent classes or super classes. So for example, the integer is a subtype of number because the integer extends the number class. ArrayList is a subtype of list. The list is a subtype of collection. By the way, there is the so-called transitive property, which means that if the ArrayList is a subtype of list and the list is a subtype of collection, then the ArrayList is a subtype of the collection. So basically this relationship is called a transitive property. If one type is a subtype of another, then it means that the second is a super type of the first one. Of course, if Integer is a subtype of the number, then the number is the super type of the integer. If the ArrayList is a subtype of the list, then the list is the super type of the ArrayList. So these are the fundamental principles in object oriented programming. And you may pose the question that, okay, why are we talking about inheritance? It seems that it has nothing to do with generics, but unfortunately it is not. So the problem is that despite the fact that Integer is a subtype of number, if we create a collection, for example, a list of integers, then this list is not going to be a subtype of list of numbers. So when I first met with this problem, it was so confusing that I didn't even realize that. What is the problem exactly? So again, despite the fact that a given class is a subtype of another class, if we are using collections such as lists or array lists or collections, these relationships are no longer valid. So, for example, a list of integer is not a subtype of a list of numbers, despite the fact that the integer is a subtype of a number. And of course it is quite problematic because if we want to end up with a generic code and let's assume that we have, for example, a list of integers, a list of doubles, a list of floating point numbers, then how to solve this problem. We would like to create just a single method that's able to print out the given items, whether they are integers, floating point numbers or doubles. And we know for certain that integer is a number. A floating point number is a number, the double is a number. So maybe we can solve this problem. And of course the solution is to use wildcards. So this is the problem itself we would like to solve and we can solve it with the help of wildcards. So, for example, we can come to the conclusion that if we have a print method that's going to iterate through a collection and prints out the values one by one, you may come to the conclusion that if we use collections, then basically we can use whatever we want. A list of integers, list of doubles, list of floating point numbers. And this is going to work fine because collection is the parent clause. But of course, unfortunately it is not going to work fine. So if we use a collection of objects and we use a list of integers as the input for that given method, then it is not going to work fine. There's going to be a compile time error because list of integer is not a subtype of list of number and it is not a subtype of collection object. So this is the reason why we need to consider wildcards. We will come to the conclusion that the super type of all kinds of collections is called wildcard. Okay, so instead of the object, if we use the wildcard, which is a question mark in Java, then basically we can solve this problem, which means that the list of an integer is a subtype of collection of the wildcard. So it is going to work just fine if we want to print out the values. But of course there's going to be other problems so we can print anything we want integers, double strings, but we cannot insert into this collection because we do not know the type. And this is why in the coming lectures. We are going to talk a lot about upper bounded wild cards, lower bounded wild cards. And finally, we are going to understand what is the crucial difference between wild cards and bounded type parameters, because they are very, very similar to each other. But there is a fundamental difference between the two concepts. Okay, so that's all about the theory. In the coming lectures, we are going to take a look at concrete examples because this is how we can understand and grasp what's happening under the hood. Thanks for watching.