In this lecture, we are going to talk about why is it crucial to have wildcards in Java. So in the theoretical section we have been talking about that. For example object is the parent class for integer because the integer class extends the object. But we can come to the conclusion that. For example, if we have a list of objects then it is not going to be the parent of a list of integers. So let's take a look at a concrete example and it is going to be clear. For example, we have a public static void print method that's going to take an object as an argument. So if we have an object O and we system out and println as far as the object is concerned, for example, we can call the two string method in order to make sure that the object is going to be printed out accordingly. For example, we have an integer, we have an I is equals to 23. This is how we can create an integer in Java, in this case not a primitive type. So not an integer like this. But we can use a reference type integer. Okay. And if we call the print method then we can define the eye without any issue. Which means that if we run the application then of course we can call the print method, because of course integer extends the object class. And because integer is an object, it is going to work fine. But what if we have, for example, a list of objects. So we have something like this. So let's import the java.util.list we have the list itself. And for example just for demonstration purposes we iterate through. So object oh as far as the list is concerned. And we print out the items one by one. So let's print out oh accordingly okay. So if we use something like this then you may have the intuition that if we create a list of integers. For example, the numbers is equal to a new array list. First of all, let's import the Java array list or what we can do that we can use the arrays as list. And here we can define the values. So under the hood Java is going to create an array list for us with integer values one, two and three. If we use something like this and we call the print method, then we end up with a compile time exception. So what is the exception itself? The method print list object is not applicable for the argument list integer. So we can come to the conclusion. And by the way, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that a list of object is not a superclass, so not a parent class of list of integers, despite the fact that integer is an object. So the object is a superclass of integer, but the list of object is not a superclass for list of integers. And this is exactly why wild cards came to be. So if we use something like this, a question mark, then it is going to work just fine. If we save and rerun the application, then as you can see one, two, three it is going to be just fine. Or if we, for example, define the list of strings such as for example atom, then we have, for example Kevin. Then we have, for example Joe. Then it is going to work just fine. So because we use the wild card, which means that Java is not going to know what is the type itself. But if we want to print out the value, it doesn't matter. We can print out whether it is a string, whether it is an integer, whether it is a floating point number. So this is how we can solve this problem okay. So this is the first time we have met with the question mark or the wild card. And we can come to the conclusion that when dealing with collections such as lists or array lists, it is absolutely crucial because this is how we can end up with a generic method that's able to get a list of strings, a list of integer, a list of doubles, and so on. Okay, so let's take a look at another example. So first we create an interface for example the shape. And we create several shape classes. For example we have a rectangle. The rectangle is going to implement the shape interface. But first of all let's define a method. So we have a public void draw method. So whenever we have the rectangle that implements the shape of course what we have to do we have to add the unimplemented draw method. So let's create the draw method. And here just for demonstration purposes we print out System.out.println. Drawing rectangle on the canvas okay. So this is how we can create a rectangle. I am going to copy and paste it and let's create a circle. The circle is going to be very, very similar. So it implements the shape interface, which means that whenever we call the draw method, drawing the circle on the canvas. And why is it crucial? Because again we can test whether we are able to deal with multiple shapes. So for example, if we have a public static void draw all method that's going to take a list of shapes, for example the shapes. And we can do something like the following. We iterate through the shapes so shapes. And we can call the draw method. So far so good because we get a list of shapes. And the intuition is that if we have classes such as rectangle and circle that implements the shape interface, which means that they are shapes basically, then it is going to work just fine. So if we create the list of rectangles. So let's create rectangles. Of course we have to make sure that it is instantiated as a new ArrayList. So if we use something like this and we would like to call the draw method and we define the rectangles, then of course we will come to the conclusion that there's going to be a compile time error. Again, the method draw all list shape is not applicable for the argument list of rectangles. And again, the problem is the same that despite the fact that the shape is the supertype or the parent class for rectangle, the list of shape is not the superclass or parent class for list of rectangle. So Java is not going to know what's happening under the hood. But if we use unbounded wildcards, which means that we use a simple question mark, then it is going to work fine. What's crucial that when dealing with unbounded wildcards in this case, Java doesn't know that it is a shape, so we have no other option but to use object. It is going to work fine. But then we have another problem because the shape is an object. Of course, it is not guaranteed that it has a draw method because we are not dealing with shapes anymore. We are dealing with objects. And basically, in order to solve this problem, either we use bounded type parameters. So we can use something like the following. We use the T that extends, so extends the shape. This is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures. So if we use something like this then it is going to work just fine. And as you can see if we rerun the application then it is going to work just fine. So for example rectangles or a new rectangle. And if we use something like this then we save and rerun the application drawing rectangle on the canvas of course with a typo. But anyways. So in this case we can solve the same problem with bounded type parameters. And we are going to talk about the crucial difference. So what's the difference between wild cards and bounded type? Parameters. And this is why in the coming lectures we are going to talk about. The question mark. And we can use extends or we can use the super keyword. These are called upper bounds and lower bounds. So first of all we are going to. Understand how to use wild cards. And then we are going to compare the wild card approach with the bounded type parameter approach. And we will understand what is the crucial difference between the two approaches. What's extremely crucial that in this lecture we came to the conclusion that despite the parent child relationships, as far as inheritance is concerned, if we are dealing with collections, then these relationships are no longer valid. And this is exactly why we need wild cards. So that's all about unbounded wild cards, which means that we use just a single question mark. In the next lectures, we are going to use the extends and the super keyword for upper and lower bounded wild cards. Thanks for watching.