In the previous lectures we have already talked about wild cards and why do we need wild cards in the Java programming language? In the coming lectures, we are going to focus on upper bounded wild cards. So let's talk about the motivation. Why do we need upper bounded wild cards? So sometimes we want to use wild cards with child classes. So in the previous lecture we have been talking about shapes as the parent class and we had other classes such as Rectangle and Circle. These classes implemented the shape interface. So this is a typical parent child relationship. Shape is the super type rectangle is the subtype. So sometimes we want to show the items in a list of rectangle when we know that the rectangle is a shape. So basically when we are dealing with the parent child relationship, by the way, in the next lecture we are going to take a look at several examples and it is going to be clear what's crucial that we can use the extents keyword right after the question mark. So the wild card. So if we use a list with the question mark extends T, then what does it mean that this method can accept a list of any subclasses of T? Okay. So if we are dealing with the shape as the interface, then we have to make sure that the list is a wild card that extends the shape. And in this cases, this print method can accept a list of rectangle because of course the rectangle implements the shape interface. So this is how we can end up with generic methods that can accept a list of any subclasses of T. Okay. A good question is what if we want to add an item when using an upper bounded wild card? So for example, we have a list question mark. This is the wild card extends the number because we are using the extends keyword with the wild card. It is called upper bounded Wild card. And what does it mean exactly that in this case, we would like to add a given item to a list where we do not know the type. We just know that the type of the list is some of the subclasses of the number. Of course, Java is not going to let that happen because we don't know about the type. So for example, we cannot add an integer to this particular list because the type cannot be guaranteed. It may be a list of double because if we use the wild card, so the list of question mark extends the number, then of course it may happen that it is a list of double because of course the double is a subclass of the number. And this is exactly what we have been talking about when dealing with upper bounded wild cards. We can accept, for example, a list of any subclass of D. So this is what the upper bounded wild card means. So in this case, Java is not going to know how to insert a given item into a upper bounded wild card related list. We are not able to insert an integer because it may be a list of double. We are not able to insert double because of course it may be a list of integer and so on. So we may come to the conclusion that there are two independent operations. First of all, we can read items from an upper bounded wild card related list so we can read and we can get the items without any issue. But on the other hand, we cannot insert so we cannot add items into an upper bounded wild card related list. So you cannot add an item to a list. Question mark extends T So when we are dealing with upper bounded wild cards because you cannot guarantee what list it is really pointing to, it may be a list containing types that are the subclass of T, and of course if there are multiple subclasses, then we don't know for certain that what is the exact type itself. And basically this is the crucial difference between bounded type parameters and wild cards that when we are dealing with wild cards, we don't know the type we are dealing with. And this is why, as far as upper bounded wild cards are concerned, we are not able to add or insert items into an upper bounded wild card related list because we cannot guarantee what list it is really pointing to. The only thing you can do for sure is to read the items. So it is going to be extremely crucial. And this is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture. Thanks for watching.