In the previous lecture, we have been talking about upper bounded wildcards, and in this lecture we are going to consider concrete examples. So let's take a look at the first example was crucial that we can create upper bounded wildcards with the help of the question mark. And we have to use the extends keyword. And for example if we use something like this then what does it mean. The wildcard is going to be the question mark extends the number. It means that we are able to store any subtype of the number. But what's absolutely crucial that because we are using the question mark, Java is not going to know what we are storing exactly whether we are storing integers, floats or doubles, because all of these classes are the subclass of number. But we are using wildcard. So let's take a look at a concrete example and it is going to be clear. Okay. So we have the list one. And we are able to instantiate it as a new ArrayList. So we can do something like this. And of course we have to import Java.util.list. And of course we have to import the java.util.arraylist. So if we use something like this, of course there's not going to be a compile time error. So it is working fine. But what if we would like to insert. So for example we would like to add a new integer with value 23. Then of course it is not going to work fine. There's going to be a compile time error because we are using upper bounded wildcards. This is what we have been talking about in the theoretical section. We can read items from an upper bounded wildcard related list, but we are not able to insert an item because you cannot guarantee what list it is really pointing to. The only thing you can do for sure is to read the items. So this is why if we are using upper bounded wildcards, which means that we are using the extends keyword, then we can read the items from the list, but we are not able to insert any items. We are going to talk about the lower bounded wildcards and as you can see it is working fine without any problem. Okay, so first of all, we can create a list like this. Of course, we are able to instantiate the upper bounded wildcard as a new array list. Storing integers, storing doubles, and storing floating point numbers. You may pose the question why? Of course, because integer is a subtype of number. Double is a subtype of number. Float is a subtype of number. Of course, if we want to use string, there's going to be a compile time error because the string is not a subtype of the number. Okay. So this is the first example. So we can create array lists like this. Okay. So we have been talking about that. Usually we use upper bounded wildcards to read the items from a data structure. So I am going to create a method for example. Public static void show all. What does it mean. We are going to get a list of wild cards extends the number. What does it mean that in this case, we are waiting for a list that is storing the subtypes of the number? Whether these items are integers, floating point numbers, doubles, or whatever, we can get a list of items that are the subtype of number. Okay, so what do we have to do? We can consider the numbers one by one. And we can print out the values one by one. So for example we show all as far as list one is concerned. Is it going to work just fine. Of course there's not going to be an error because we are using a list that are storing wild cards, extending the number. But of course we can create, for example, a list. So let's create something like this. If we create an integer list, for example the nums. If we do something like this and we specify nums, of course it is going to work just fine. There's not going to be compile time error because the list of integer is compatible with list. Wildcard extends number because the integer is a subtype of number. Of course, we can use the so-called arrays dot list, so we can use arrays dot as list. And for example we can specify integers. So in this case we are specifying a list of integers. And because the integer is a subtype of the number, it is going to work just fine. We get one, two, and three. If we create double values so we have something like this. Then of course again it is going to work just fine. We can create floating point numbers. If we specify the f stands for floating point numbers it is going to work just fine as well. So if we want to read the items then we can use upper bounded wildcards with the extends keyword. Of course what's going to happen if we want to. Odd. So this is what we have already talked about. But anyways if we have the list and we would like to add a new double for example, with the given value. 2.4 what's going to happen? Of course, we are not able to audit that given value. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section, that if we have something like this, then we cannot add an integer to the list because the type cannot be guaranteed. It may be a list of double. Of course, we cannot add a double because it may be a list of integer or a list of floating point numbers. So what's extremely crucial that if we are using wildcard, then Java is not going to know the type itself. We just know that it is a subtype of number, but it may be an integer, a double, or a floating point number. So this is why we can read any items that is a subtype of capital T, but we are not able to insert items. Okay. So we are not able to add to a list that's using upper bounded wildcards. In the next lecture we are going to talk about lower bounded wildcards, and we will come to the conclusion that we are able to insert items when dealing with lower bounded Rebounded wild cards. And finally, let's implement a method that's going to sum up the values of a wild card related data structure. So what do we have to do? We have the public static. It is going to return with a double sum. All we can use the list. Wild card extends the number. It is going to be the list. And what do we have to do. First of all we have to define a double sum. For example is equals to zero. At the beginning we iterate through the numbers that are present in the list and we sum up the values accordingly. Of course, sorry for that. We have to use the double value. And finally we have to return with the sum. So this is how we can sum up a list of numbers, whether they are integers, floating point numbers or doubles. So what do we have to do if we print out. So System.out.println. The sum of and let's define so arrays as list and let's define one two and three, for example. And of course, we have to make sure that we use the sum all as the method. So if we use something like this, then as you can see we are able to sum up integers. What if we have doubles for example. So 1.5 plus 2.4 is equal to 3.9. Plus three is equal to 6.9. So we have ended up with the right result. Okay. So this is how we can use upper bounded wildcards. And what's extremely crucial that we use upper bounded wildcards. If we want to read the items with the show all method, we iterate through the items and we print them out on a one by one basis. As far as some old method is concerned, we consider the items and sum up the values. So we just consider the items without inserting a given new item into the data structure. If we want to read items, then we have to use upper bounded wildcards. If we want to manipulate the items, then we have to use lower bounded wildcards. And this is exactly what we are going to do in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.