In the previous lectures, we have been talking about unbounded wildcards and upper bounded wildcards, and in the coming lectures we are going to focus on lower bounded wildcards. So first of all, what are lower bounded wildcards. Sometimes it may happen that we want to use wildcards with super types. So with parent classes. So this is usually useful when we want to insert items into a generic data structure or collection. As far as lower bounded wildcards are concerned they have something to do with the super keyword. So as you can see we use a list data structure with a question mark. This is the wildcard and super T. It means that we are using a lower bounded wildcard, which means that this method can accept a list of any super class of T. So far so good. There is a crucial difference between lower bounded wildcards and upper bounded wildcards. If we want to add, for example, an integer to the list, then we can do it without any problem. Of course, we can add numbers or even objects to the list, because number and object are super classes of integer. So when dealing with lower bounded wildcards and the super keyword, then we can use the class itself. So in this case integer or any parent class. So super class is of that given integer such as number or object, and it is going to work just fine. The problem is that we are not able to read items from a lower bounded wild card related list. For example, we have no other option but to use objects. You may post a question why? Because of course you cannot guarantee what list it is really pointing to. We can read objects exclusively and it is going to work fine, but what's absolutely crucial that we can insert subtypes of T into that given data structure? In this case we are dealing with the list. So it is absolutely crucial that if we are dealing with lower bounded wild cards, then we can insert items. If we are dealing with upper bounded wild cards then we can read items. So this is why it is absolutely crucial to understand upper bounded and lower bounded wild cards, because it depends on the application or the method we want to implement. If we want to read items from a generic data structure, then we have to use upper bounded wild cards. If we want to insert into a generic data structure, then of course we have to use lower bounded wild card. So this is the crucial difference between wild cards. Of course, in the coming lectures we are going to take a look at a concrete example how to use lower bounded wild cards.