In the previous lecture, we have been talking about lower bounded wild cards, and in this lecture we are going to take a look at concrete examples. So first of all we can create something like this. If we create a question mark. This is the wild card. And we use super which means that this is going to be a lower bounded wild card. And we use for example integer. It is going to be list one. We can use something like this. So we use an array list for integers. Is it going to work fine. Let's import Java.util.list and let's import Java.util.arraylist. As you can see, there is no compile time error, which means that we can do something like this. Of course, we can use any parent class or superclass of integer such as for example number. Is it going to work fine of course. And of course, because object is the superclass of every single class in Java, we can do something like this. So it is absolutely crucial when dealing with lower bounded wild cards, that we can use any superclass or parent class of the actual class. So basically we are dealing with inheritance related. Here are he integer extends the number class. So this is why we can use something like this. Integer is an object. So there is a parent child relationship. So this is why we can use something like this okay. So this is the first example. We can use the super keyword without any problem. Let's take a look at examples when we want to read. So how to read items using lower bounded wildcard. So for example we will have a show method. So let's create a public static void show all. And we are going to create a list for a wild card super number. For example it is going to be list. And what do we have to do. For example, we are going to iterate through and the intuition is that we can do something like this. We can iterate through the list and we print out the values one by one. So we print out the number and it is going to work just fine. But of course it is not going to work fine. This is what we have been talking about in a theoretical section. First of all, we are using the super keyword, which means that it is a lower bounded wildcard. So we know for certain that this list is going to contain numbers or any superclass of number. So basically Java is not going to know what items are going to be there in this list data structure. So this is what we have been talking about that you cannot read items from a list question mark super T because you cannot guarantee what list it is really pointing to. We have no other option but to use the object. So basically if we consider the inheritance theory then what is the object that is the parent class of every single object in Java? Of course it is the object, so we have no other option but to transform all the items into objects. No matter, we are dealing with numbers, serializable or objects, we have no other option but to cause the items to be objects. And of course it is going to work fine. Okay, so first of all, we can create serializable. It is going to be the list as a new ArrayList. And because for example strings implements the serializable interface. So first of all let's import java.io serializable. We can insert. So odd. And for example we insert Adam. Then we insert a few more items. For example we can insert Kevin. Then we can insert for example Anna. And we can call the show method on the list. And it is going to work just fine because of course the number class implements the serializable Realizable interface. By the way, a good programming practice is to be able to check Oracle's documentation. So if we check number class, then you can make sure that the number class implements the serializable interface. So basically serializable is a superclass of number which means that we can use it without any problem. If we do something like this then it is going to work just fine. So this is when we want to print a given item. We have no other option but to cast the given items into objects. What if we would like to insert items? So we insert items? What do we have to do? So this is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that usually we like lower bounded wildcards. If we know that we have to insert items into the given collection. So if we create, for example, a list like this. So we have a list super number nums, it is going to be a new array list. Of course we can do it without any problem. A good question is that is it possible to insert, for example, a new integer? We can insert integer like this. Or we can insert like this. And Java is going to convert this primitive type into an integer object. And under the hood it is going to be the same. So what's crucial that if we insert an integer then it is going to work fine. So this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture, that we can insert items into a list when dealing with lower bounded wildcards. What's going to happen if we have, for example, a 33.3 and we are dealing with a floating point numbers as well. As you can see it is working fine. We are able to insert integers, doubles and floating point numbers. Of course, in the previous lectures we have been talking about upper bounded wildcards. So if we use the extends in these cases it is not going to work fine. So this is why we can come to the conclusion that if we want to insert items into a generic collection, then we have to use the super keyword. So lower bounded wildcards, if we want to read the items, then we have to use the upper bounded wildcard. Because when we are using lower bounded wildcards this is what we have seen a few minutes earlier, then we have no other option but to use the object because of course the wildcard has no type at all. Okay, in the next lecture we are going to take a look at a very simple example in order to grasp the fundamental differences between upper bounded wildcards and lower bounded wildcards. And finally, we are going to talk about when to use bounded type parameters and when to use wildcards, because I'm not sure whether it is clear that when to use the question mark as far as wildcards are concerned and when to use generic type parameters such as the T. And this is exactly what we are going to discuss. Thanks for watching.