In this lecture we are going to talk about the solution. So what do we have to do. We have to define a method a public static void method. We are going to use the name copy and we are going to have two lists. First of all, we have a list with a wildcard that extends a given type. Of course, let's make sure that it is going to be a generic T type, because of course we may copy a list of strings, a list of integers, a list of doubles, whatever. So we use a list question mark. So a wildcard extends T. This is the so-called source list. So this is when we are using an upper bounded wildcard. Because of course we would like to read the content of that list because this is the source. And of course we would like to insert the given values. So this is why we use a question mark super T. This is the destination list. And if we use something like this of course make sure that we import java.util.list. So these are the parameters. First of all it is going to be generic. And then we would like to make sure that we can read the items of the source list. And we can insert the items into the destination list. So just for demonstration purposes, we have a integer I0I is less than the size of the source list. And of course plus plus I. And then in every single iteration we are going to add the source get index I. So what does it mean? We are going to consider all the items of the source. We are going to insert that item into the destination one by one. So this is how we can copy the items in the source list into the destination list. And of course we would like to make sure that we can use it with strings integers, doubles, whatever. So if we have a list like this. So for example we have arrays as list and we have Adam, we have Anna, then we have Kevin for example. And of course we have another list. We have to make sure that the type is the same. So list two for example is a new array list. Of course we have to import the java.util.arraylist. And then we have to call the copy method with the list as the source and list two as the destination. And then we have to print out System.out.println. As far as List2 is concerned. So if we save and run the application, then as you can see we have managed to copy the items. You may pose the question that okay why is it crucial to use this extends and super keywords. Let's take a look. What's going to happen if we do not specify that given extends and super keywords? Of course it is not going to work fine. What if we switch and we use extends here and we use super here? Of course we are not able to insert into the destination list. So this is why we have to make sure that we are using upper bounded wildcard for the source list, and lower bounded wildcard for the destination list. Of course, if we want to copy for example integers, then we can do it without any problems three, one, two and four. Of course, we have to make sure that the list two is going to store integers. If we save and rerun, then it is going to work just fine. So this is why it is absolutely crucial to know about lower bounded and upper bounded wildcards. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about what is the difference between wildcards and generic type parameters. Thanks for watching.