There is a saying with great power comes great responsibility. Like you can see here we have the character Grogu inside the The Mandalorian Web series of Hotstar. This grogu has a lot of natural powers, but he don't unnecessarily show off his powers and use them only when required. Similarly, many other superheroes that we have, like Superman, Spider-Man or Iron Man, they all follow this rule, which is with great power comes great responsibility. They don't use their powers unnecessarily, or they don't use their powers on the innocent peoples. When you are building a microservice application inside any organization, you need to reverse the saying, saying that with great responsibility comes great power. The reason why I'm saying this is if you take a lot of responsibilities and accept a lot of challenges that you face during the microservice implementation and handle all those challenges with the best possible standards inside the industry, then you are going to get great power from your microservice application in the form of all the advantages that we get from the microservice application. You might be scratching your head why this fellow right now is saying all this story. The reason I'm telling all this is right now we are ready to face a new challenge. I thought of giving some motivation to you. Don't get demotivated by seeing all the challenges that we are going to face while implementing microservice application. If you face all these challenges and implement a perfect microservice application towards the end, you are going to have a perfect microservice application using which your organization can enjoy all the benefits. With this small motivation talk, let me introduce a new challenge, The new challenge that we are going to discuss inside this section is how to handle deployment, portability and scalability of our microservice. First, if you try to take that deployment, you may have a question like how do we deploy all the small microservices that we have with less efforts and cost. With monolithic application, we have only a single application or a single jar or war or ear file, which we can deploy into your web server or application server. Whereas with microservice architecture, we are going to have hundreds of microservice in any organization. So how do we deploy all those hundreds of microservices? Do we need 100 different servers and virtual machines to deploy them? Off course not. That is not going to be a viable solution. We'll explore what are the options that we have, now after deployment if you think from portability perspective, how do we move our hundreds of microservice across environments with less effort configurations and cost? Like any web application, regardless of monolithic or microservice or any other architecture, it has to be deployed in various environment, right from the developer mission it will go into the GitHub repository or any other versioning system. From there, we need to deploy into the development environment. Once the build is stable, we need to move to the uat environment or sit environment or QA environment. Once the testing is completed, we need to deploy the same into the production replica environment. Once the pre-production testing is completed, eventually the deployment has to be done inside the production. If you see, the code has to move across many environments. With monolithic, there is only single application, single server. We can move the code by making enough configurations with very less efforts, but with hundreds of microservice who is going to take care of all the portability issues. If your application need a specific JDK version or a specific web server or a specific folder structure or specific DB configurations who are going to do all those manual work when we have hundreds of microservice. So these are another problem or another challenge that we may have. And after the portability, we also have another challenge in the form of scalability. Scaling a monolithic application is going to be super, super easy because you have only a single server. You can try to onboard one more server, which is replica of the existing monolithic server. With microservice, the story is different. We may have hundreds of microservice. How do we scale a specific microservice whenever we want based upon the traffic needs? So we need to scale the microservice on the fly based upon the demands. And at the same time, whenever we don't need, we need to scale down. So this all has to happen with the minimum effort and cost, off course, without any manual intervention. So these are the three challenges that we may face whenever we try to build microservice with a traditional monolithic mindset. So we need to change our mindset. We need to change how we package our web applications. In the traditional approach, you package your application as an war or ear or jar, and you will eventually deploy into a web server or app server. But that is not going to work. We need some new technique which we can adopt inside our microservice applications. So do you have any clue what is this new technique? Let me reveal the solution that we can use to overcome this challenge. The solution is containerization of our applications to overcome all these challenges, first, we should containerize all our microservice. Why should we containerize our applications? Because when we containerize our applications, we are converting a normal maven project into a container. These containers are very small in nature, which offer a self-isolated environment for applications, including all the necessary dependencies. If your microservice require a Java version or a Tomcat or DB configurations or any folder structure, you can club all those dependencies inside a container and the same container you can deploy across any environment or across any cloud environment without making any changes. I'll be showing all the benefits of this containerization in this section. So the very next question you may have is how do we containerize our Maven applications. For the same we have a solution which is Docker. You might have heard about this Docker already. So Docker is an open source platform that provides an ability to package and run an application in a loosely isolated environment called a container. You have a maven application. With the help of this docker, you can convert that into a Docker image and eventually you can run that image as a container inside any virtual machine or inside any cloud environment. I know you may have many questions. Inside this section, I'm going to give you a very good introduction about Docker. What is Docker? How we can containerize our applications? What are the challenges that it is going to solve with all this, this section is going to be interesting. Before I try to close this lecture, let me give a quick introduction how this containerization came into picture. You see a ship here, so I have a question here. What do you observe from this ship? If you observe this ship, it is carrying a lot of goods from one country to other country with the help of these containers. So why they are using these containers, why can't they simply carry all the goods without these containers? Because with the help of these containers, they are able to optimize the space. They are able to provide a separate environment or separate isolated space for each of the good. Like inside a container, there can be apples which need a refrigerator, whereas inside other container there are some electronic goods which does not require any cooling or refrigerator. Similarly, in a real world web applications, every web application may have its own requirements. One microservice may want to use Java 17 version, whereas other microservice it may want to use Java 21 version. Similarly, there can be many, many different requirements for different different microservice in terms of database, in terms of framework they use, in terms of language they use. If you try to manage all these microservices inside a single virtual machine or a single jumbo server, it is going to be hell of work. And at the same time you are not optimally using all the resources of your server. So just like how this ship is using the resources optimally with the help of this containers, the same way we are going to convert our microservices and deploy them as a containers that way inside a single virtual machine or a single jumbo server, I can deploy ten different microservice with ten different requirements because every container will have its own isolated environment. How it is going to have, how that is possible. We are going to discuss in the coming lectures, but for now I just wanted to highlight whenever you are thinking about Docker and Containers, just think about the ship. What are the advantages that it is getting with these containers? Very similarly, just like how the shipping industry is taking advantage of containers, we are also going to adopt the same container kind of concept inside microservice with the help of Docker. I hope you are clear with the agenda of this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.