In the previous lecture I introduced a lot of new jargons like containerization, containers and dockers. Before we try to understand all these jargons and how to convert our microservices into Docker containers, first let me try to clarify a burning question that you may have, which is what are these containers and how they are different from that Traditional virtual machines. Before cloud computing days, every organization they used to buy their own hardware and using these hardware they will install the operating system. So once a hardware and operating system is installed, we can call it as a server and this server will be connected to a public network. Inside this server, the code will be deployed with the help of web server or app server, and there will be a public IP address assigned to your server. So the platform team or operations team, they will map your public IP address to your domain name and using the same domain name, my end user can access my web application from his local browser. So this is the basic and old story that you are aware. But with the cloud computing concept, we don't need to buy a server physically and maintain that inside our own data centers. We can buy a server virtually from the cloud providers and the cloud providers behind the scenes, they will give you a virtual machine. Why the server is called as virtual machine because you can physically see it, you can only feel it virtually and you can access it through the web internet. That's why they called as virtual machines. So let's try to understand how these virtual machines are created. Like you can see here at the bottom of this table, we have server. So this is a physical hardware. So think like a cloud provider, like AWS, Azure or GCP. They'll have a physical hardware or a physical server available in their data centers and they can't assign a server to a single organization. Because the server capacity might be 64 GB Ram, and it also holds four terabyte of hard disk. So they can't give these entire jumbo server to a single organization because there will be very rare such instances where an organization will request for such a jumbo server. So that's why on top of this server they will use a technology or they will use a concept called hypervisor. Using these hypervisor software from the same physical hardware, they can create multiple virtual machines. You can see here from the same physical hardware, there are three virtual machines created like VM1, VM2 and VM3. Inside these, each virtual machines, we can install our own operating system like inside VM1, I can have a windows operating system and inside VM2 I can have Linux operating system and inside VM3 three, I can have Mac operating system. So it's up to us what operating system we want to install. With the hypervisor, while we are creating a virtual machine, we can install required operating system based upon our own requirements. So here it is very clear the resources like ram, hard disk of the physical server is virtually distributed between multiple virtual machines with the help of hypervisor concept. So now this VM1 can be given to a company one and VM2 can be given to the other company and so on. So now coming to the microservices environment, think like there is no containerization concept. We have to live with these virtual machines in such scenarios. What we have to do, suppose I have three micro services like AccountService, LoanService and CardService . So for AccountService I may need some JDK version and similarly I may need some web server or app server or Maven installed. So all the required binaries and libraries I have to manually install inside the VM1. And similarly I have to do inside the VM2 and VM three for the required binaries and libraries of LoanService and CardService. So after creating my virtual machine with the help of guest OS and after that I will install the required binaries and libraries post that only I can deploy my Accounts Microservice or Loans Microservice or Cards Microservice into my virtual machine. Once this deployment is completed, anyone can access my Microservice using the public IP address. So behind the scenes, the cloud providers, they will assign a public IP address for each of the virtual machine that they are going to create. The same public IP will be mapped to your DNS name or domain name and using the same domain name or DNS name, we can access our microservice from outside the world. So this is a story with the virtual machines. And here you may have a question. What's the problem with this? I can deploy all my microservice into separate virtual machines. There are multiple problems here. First, here, I'm trying to show you only three microservices. What if you have 100 microservices. Please don't answer like I'll create 100 virtual machines. That is going to be a super, super complex process and it is going to attract a lot of cloud Bill for your organization. So when you create a virtual machine, it's a big machine. It is as good as your laptop, which has 16 GB Ram and one terabyte hard disk inside such a big machine, if you only deploy a small microservice, do you think it is a viable solution? Off course not. And similarly, you may think like why can't I deploy AccountService, LoanService and CardService inside a single virtual machine? Even with that approach, you may face some challenges. Like your Accounts Microservice may need a Java 8 version, whereas your Loans Microservice may need a Java 17 version. And similarly Cards Microservice may need some other program language like Python. So if you try to deploy all these microservices inside a single virtual machine, you see we will face lot many problems when we have different, different requirements for different, different microservice. On top of that, we have one more problem. Like if you try to restart your virtual machine, all your AccountService, LoanService and CardService will be down, which is again a not an acceptable risk by any organization. And at the same time, in terms of scalability, suppose you want more number of AccountService instances deployed in some other virtual machine. Your Accounts Microservice is receiving a lot of traffic. All of a sudden you decided to scale up your Accounts Microservice from one instance to three instance with the virtual machine concept. By the time you create a virtual machine, by the time you install a guest operating system, by the time you complete all the binaries and libraries, installation and scale your Accounts Microservice, it is going to take at least 15 minutes of time. With such a long 15 minutes of time, you can't really call it as a real scalability. Because within that 15 minutes your traffic may get reduced. By the time you scale up your Accounts Microservice, your traffic reduced to normal traffic. And again, you decided to scale down from 3 VMs to one virtual machine. Again, deleting the virtual machine also is not a simple and easy task. It will easily take again 5 to 10 minutes. Apart from these challenges, there are many, many other challenges. If you try to deploy your microservices using a virtual machines concept. That's why whenever you are trying to deploy your microservices, please say a big no to the virtual machines. Instead, we should go for the containers. So let's try to understand how these containers are different from virtual machines. If you see at the bottom the server, the physical hardware is going to be same for the virtual machine and the containers. On top of this physical hardware as a server will install a host operating system. So here it can be an windows operating system or Linux operating system or Mac operating system. So once you have the server and host operating system, you need to install a implementation of container engine products like Docker. So once you install the Docker with the help of the Docker, you can create multiple containers. And inside these containers you can deploy AccountService, LoanService and CardService. So if you see the beauty here for the containers, there is no need of separate operating system. They will share the host operating system. So when the guest operating system is not there for containers, they are going to become lightweight and creating a container and and destroying a container or restarting a container is going to take only few seconds. So that's the very first great advantage that we have with containers compared to virtual machine. So they are lightweight and they are going to be super quick in terms of restart creation and destroying. Now the other advantage that we have with containers is, inside the same virtual machine or inside the same server, they can have a separate isolated environment. So think like all these three containers are deployed inside a same virtual machine or inside a same server. But the advantage with containers is inside the container1, I can have Java eight version and inside the container2 I can have Java 17 version and inside the container3 I can have different language which is Python installed. So that's a one more advantage. Every container will have its own isolated virtual network and virtual environment. The container 1 will not know about container 2  and its environment, and the same applies for vice versa scenario as well. Like I said before, these containers are a packed components where all the required dependencies package. Like if your Accounts Microservice need a JDK and Springboot related libraries, all of them will be clubbed and be available inside the container 1 itself. Due to that, whenever you are trying to create new container inside another server or inside another environment. It is not going to be super, super manual setup. You don't have to install the Java, you don't have to download the spring boot libraries. You can just take the packaged component of the container to some other environment and you can convert that package to a container with a single command. So that's one advantage. So this will solve the portability issue. Now the deployment also is going to be super, super easy because these are lightweight components and restarting, creating a new container, destroying the existing containers is also going to take only few seconds and every container will have its own network, own resources, own memory, own storage, which can't be accessed by the other container until unless someone allowed it. So on a high level, I just wanted to say the main difference between virtual machine and containers is, containers they don't need the guest operating system, not the hypervisor to assign the resources. Instead, they will use the container engine, which is Docker. I know you may have many other questions, but when we try to convert our microservices into containers, all these benefits and advantages I'll be showing you in action and that will make more sense to you about these containers. I hope you are clear about what are the differences between virtual machine and containers. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.