Inside this lecture, Let me try to explain you the formal definition of containers and Docker. The reason why I'm spending a lot of time on introducing these containers and Dockers to you is as a microservice developer, it is a mandatory skill for you to aware about few important technologies like containers, Docker, Kubernetes. That's why inside this course I'm going to put a lot of efforts explaining about all these concepts. As a Java developer, as a microservice developer, you will be asked a lot of questions inside your interviews and your projects, and you should be in a position to answer all such questions. That's why I'm trying to convey all this information. One of the question that anyone can ask you inside an interview is what is a container? A container is a loosely isolated environment inside a server or inside a virtual machine or inside your local system as well. Since you are getting an loosely isolated environment inside a machine, you can use that isolated environment to deploy your microservice by using software packages. So these software packages include all the code and all the dependencies to run your applications or microservices quickly and reliably on any computing environment. Your containers in order to run, they just need the required code and dependencies along with the computing environment. And this environment can be your local system. It can be a virtual machine inside a data center, or it can be a virtual machine inside a cloud environment. So the computing environment can be anywhere your container is going to work very similarly, like it work inside your local system. That's why, regardless of how many environments you are trying to deploy your microservice, you are going to use the same container and there won't be any manual efforts to set up your container to install the dependencies to install the required servers. So everything is going to be available inside the container itself. Like I said, all the required dependencies and libraries are available inside software packages and these packages we call them as container images. So from our microservice application we are going to generate a Docker image or container image. From the container image, we can create any number of containers. So think like this image is like your Java class, just like how your Java class is a skeleton or representation of your object. Very similarly, this container image is a representation of your container. From these container image, you can create any number of containers, just like how you can create multiple Java objects from your Java class. In other words, your Docker container is an actual running representation of your Docker image. We'll see the demo in the coming lectures. Post that the next definition that I want to share here is what is software containerization? So using these containerization concepts only, we need to convert our microservice applications into Docker containers. So what is the software Containerization? It is an operating system virtualization methods. Like we discussed in the previous lecture, we can deploy multiple containers inside a single machine or a virtual machine and all these containers, they are going to get a virtually isolated environment and these containers, they will feel like they are running inside their own operating system. So with these containerization concept, we are virtualizing an entire operating system. Whereas with hypervisor, if you see we are virtualizing the machines, all these virtual machines like VM1, VM2, VM3, they will feel like they are all running in different, different physical hardwares, but they are not because with the help of hypervisor we are virtualizing the machines very similarly with the help of containerization, we will virtualize the operating system. So all these container 1, container 2, container 3. They are running on a same operating system which is host operating system, but they will feel like they are running in a separate, separate operating systems. So since we are providing such kind of virtual isolated environment inside the containerization concept, the virtualization is at the operating system level, whereas inside the virtual machines, the virtualization is at the hardware level. I hope it is clear now we know what is a container, what is a software containerization? The next question is what is a docker? Docker is a open source platform or a product that enables developers to convert their web applications or to convert their application code into a Docker image using the same Docker image. And with the help of this Docker, we can automate the deployment, scaling and management of the applications. With the concept of containerization. I hope you are able to tie the strings here between these three components. So software containerization is a concept. Docker is an platform which, it implements this containerization technology. So using the Docker, we are going to generate the Docker images and Docker containers from our application code. Now let's try to understand what exactly is going to happen inside the containerization concept. Like I said, containers, they are going to get isolated environment, how they are going to get because containers are based on the concept of operating system virtualization, where multiple containers run on the same physical or a virtual machine that shares the same operating system kernel. And this is different from the traditional virtualization that we follow whenever we are trying to create multiple virtual machines. And these virtual machines run on their own separate operating system instance, whereas with Dockers they're going to share the same operating system kernel. So inside this containerization Linux features like namespace and cgroups play a crucial role in providing the isolation and resource management. So let's try to understand what are these namespace and cgroups. Namespace is a concept inside Linux, which will allow for the creation of isolated environments within the same operating system. So each container will get its own set of namespace and these namespace is going to have process resource, network resource and any storage resources, communication resources and similarly user namespaces. So these namespaces ensures that process within a container are only aware of and can interact with the resources within their own specific namespace. So this provides a level of isolation from the other containers. I hope you understand it's very simple. Using namespace for a container, we are giving its own network process, storage everything. So that all the components inside the container are inside the namespace. They can interact with each other, but not other components inside other container or inside other namespaces. Now coming to the cgroup, what are cgroups? The cgroups also called as control groups. The reason why we call them as control groups is namespaces will provide the isolation of the resources, but someone has to control the uses of the resources by a container. So with the help of this control groups, we can administrate and control the usage of the resources like CPU, memory, disk, network bandwidth. That's where for the containers we can enforce resource restriction at runtime and try to avoid the scenarios like one container from monopolizing the system resources and ensuring fair allocation between multiple containers. Since we can deploy multiple containers inside a same virtual machine or inside a same computing system, we need to make sure every container is getting its own fair allocation. It should not be like one container is getting very less allocation, whereas other container is getting lot of memory allocation or CPU allocation. That is not fair and it may result into issues dynamically at runtime. That's why with these concepts of like namespaces and control groups, a separate isolated environment will be provided to the containers. Here you may have a question like these are the Linux features. If these are the Linux features, then how I'm going to containerize my applications from my local system, like inside my Mac OS or inside my windows operating system. Even it is also possible your production server can be a Windows server. So in such scenarios you may have a question like these are the Linux concepts. Then how the Docker containerization or containerization concept is going to work inside my Windows operating system or Mac operating system? So let's try to understand the same. Whenever you try to install and Docker on a Linux operating system, it is going to be pretty simple. You will receive the entire Docker engine inside your Linux operating system. However, if you try to install the same docker inside a mac or Windows operating system, you will get two separate components. One is Docker client, which is installed on your own operating system like Mac or Window Os. And behind the scenes there will be also a separate component installed which which is a lightweight linux based virtual machine and the Docker server component is installed inside this Linux virtual machine. This way, regardless of what is the host operating system, Docker is going to work in any kind of operating systems. As a developer or as an end user, you will get very similar look and feel when you try to use a docker on a Linux machine or in any other operating systems. I can also confirm you the same when we install the docker inside our local system. So when you install the docker inside your local system, just run the command Docker version and you will get an output like you can see on the right hand side. So here you can see there are two details are printed. The very first one is what is the client details, which is Docker CLI for DockerCLI or Docker client. You can see the OS darwin/arm64, which is inside my Mac operating system. Inside Windows you may see a different output, but coming to the server, the OS is Linux because behind the scenes, like I said, a lightweight Linux virtual machine will be installed. That's why you are able to see clear difference between Docker client and Docker server inside the same machine. I hope you are clear. What is container? What is containerization? What is Docker? In the next lecture, let's try to understand the internal architecture of Docker. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.