Inside this lecture, let me try to explain you what are the important components available inside the Docker and what is the internal architecture of Docker? The very first important component that we have is Docker client. Like I said before, whenever we try to install Docker inside any system, we get Docker client and Docker server. So using this Docker client only, we need to give instructions to the Docker server on how to containerize our applications. So inside this Docker client there are two different components that we can use to issue the commands to the Docker server. The most commonly used approach is Docker CLI. Using this command line interface, we can issue commands to the Docker server directly from your terminal or from your command line. This is very similar to GitHub CLI or any other CLI is provided by the other products. Apart from CLI, you can also issue commands to the Docker server using APIs using this Docker remote API, we can issue commands like how to run a Docker container from a Docker image. So all such commands we can give with this remote API approach as well. But inside this course we are going to use the Docker CLI approach because that is the most commonly used approach. Apart from this Docker client, the next important component that we have is Docker server. In other words, we can also call this Docker server as Docker host. So when I say Docker server, don't think like this is going to be installed in some other remote machine. So both this Docker client and Docker server or Docker hosts, both of these are going to be installed inside your system. So inside this Docker server there will be a Docker daemon process that is going to run continuously, which is going to accept the commands from the client, the client like CLI, we can issue commands to this server. Like please generate a Docker image for my application. So for my application, these are the dependencies. This is the Java version that I'm using. These are the configuration that I need. So once we provide all those details, our instructions to the Docker server, it is going to convert your spring boot application or Maven application or your microservice into a packaged software which commonly called as Docker image. So image is an representation of your packaged application. So it has all the required dependencies and configurations packaged into a Docker image. Very similarly, we can also give commands to generate a container from a Docker image. Like you can see here, there will be images and very similarly we also have containers, so we can't generate containers without a Docker image. First we need a Docker image. When we give an instruction to the Docker server to generate a container from a Docker image, it is going to leverage the Docker image and it is going to create a running instance of your Docker image, which is your web application or your microservice in a running state. So once the container is in running state, you can obviously try to access all your REST APIs or microservice business logic through the endpoint URL by using the correct port number. Correct API path. I hope this is clear. So inside your Docker server only all your images and containers are going to be stored. Now this setup is going to work perfectly if you are working in your own machine. Once we generate a Docker image for our microservice, once we test that with the help of Docker container and once we feel that everything is working, we need to push the Docker images to a repository from where we can continue to the steps like deployment and running the containers inside the dev environment, environment or production environment. Just like how we store our Java code inside the GitHub repo. Very similarly, we need to store these Docker images available inside our local system into a remote repository. That's where we have the third component available. This third component we call it as Docker Registry, Docker Company itself they provide a Docker registry with the name Docker Hub. Inside this Docker hub, you can store all your Docker images and you can make them available for public use, or you can also protect them so that only authenticated users are applications will try to download your Docker images. Just like how Docker providing Docker hub. Very similarly, there are private registries provided by famous companies like GitHub, AWS, GCP, Azure, so most of the cloud providers and most of the version repository products like GitHub, so they have their own private registry where you can push the Docker images from your local system to this remote repositories. For example, if you are using to a great extent inside your organization, then it makes sense to push your Docker images into your private registry provided by the AWS from this private registry. All your deployment of the microservices will happen. Inside this course, I'm going to use the Docker hub to store all my Docker images. So I'll show you how to generate a Docker image. And once the Docker image is generated inside our local, I'll also show you how to create a running container from your Docker image. Once everything is completed, we can push these Docker images into a remote Docker hub repository. So these are the three important components available inside the Docker architecture. Now let me give a simple flow that will happen whenever I try to issue an instructions to the Docker server. So in the very first step, I'm going to give the instructions to the Docker server with the help of my Docker client. So the instruction may be like to run a container from a Docker image. So as soon as I give this instruction, my Docker server will validate if the Docker image is available inside my local system. If it is not there, it is going to fetch the required Docker image from the remote repository like Docker Hub. Once the Docker image is pulled into my local system using the same Docker image, a container will be created by the Docker server. So once the container is available, it means my application is ready and I can try to use the application. These days, many of the products, they are providing everything as part of a Docker image. For example, if you want to use a MySQL inside your local system, the traditional or older approach is, you will go to the MySQL website, you will download the MySQL installation you will install inside your system. So that is very cumbersome process and a lengthy process. Instead, with the help of Docker, you can pull the image of MySQL. Once the image of MySQL is pulled from the Docker hub, you can try to run a container from the image. That means you are going to have MySQL server running inside your system. I hope you are clear with this Docker architecture. In the next lecture I'll show you how to install Docker inside a local system. I hope it is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.