Now is the time to install Docker inside your local system. I already installed Docker inside my local system long back. That's why I'm not going to install again inside my system. But I'll show you the steps that you need to follow to install the docker inside your system. These steps are going to be pretty straightforward and pretty easy, so please do follow these steps and make sure you are installing the docker inside your system. Without installing Docker. You cannot practice all the microservice concepts that we are going to discuss from now onwards. If you have intentions to practice along with me, please make sure you are installing the Docker inside your system. Like you can see here. First we need to visit docker.com. This is the website. Inside this website. As soon as you land on this homepage, you have an option to download the Docker desktop. Since mine is a mac operating system, it is automatically detecting that and it is asking me to download the Mac related Docker desktop. Based upon your operating system, you can select any of the operating systems available like Apple, Windows and Linux. So once you select, you can click on this download Docker desktop option and post that it is going to be simple. You just have to double click on it and click next, next, next and finally the Docker will be installed inside your system. If you have any challenges in installing the Docker inside your system, you can click on this Get Started, post that there is also clear instructions like learn how to install Docker for example I'm just clicking on this. Learn how to install Docker, which will take me to the documentation website of Docker. Here, there are clear instructions given based upon the operating system. So if you see install Docker desktop on Mac Windows Linux, if I click on this Windows, it is going to show you all the installation steps that you need to follow, but please make sure you are having at least four GB system Ram along with 64 bit processor. So by seeing all these steps you should be able to install Docker inside your system. If you are facing any issues, don't worry, there is also a troubleshoot link available. Under this troubleshoot you'll be able to see the most common issues that you may face with Docker or Docker installation. So please follow these otherwise you can also post a question to me or you can also take help from the Docker community. You can check there is a lot of help available from the Docker community inside the websites like StackOverflow, Docker community, so there is enough help for you to resolve any Docker issues. So don't get demotivated. The installation is going to be super, super easy. So once the installation is completed, you can click on the sign in button which will take you to the website called hub.docker.com. So since I already created an account, it is already logged in me, so easy bites is my account or username. If you don't have an account, please make sure you are also creating an account and your account should have an username and it will have password. There is no need of providing any credit card details, so once the account is created you can log in into the Docker hub. So this is the website which is hub.docker.com. So please remember your username. In my case, the username of my Docker website is eazybytes. We need to use the same inside the coming lectures. So like I said, Docker Hub is a place where you can find that Docker images or you can also store your own Docker images with the public access and private access. If you want to store the Docker images with the private access, then definitely you need to upgrade your plan. So if I click on this upgrade, you can see it will show you all the plans available. As of now, I'm using this personal plan which costs me $0. So with this I can store Docker images in unlimited public repositories. For this course, we are good with this personal plan, but in real projects, since we want to store our Docker images in a secured manner, usually inside your organization they will provide a Docker login from any of these plans. Mostly business plan. But don't worry, for now you can happily use this personal plan. So let me go back with this personal plan, I can only store my Docker images inside public repository. That's fine for me because my intention also to store all my Docker images inside a public repository so that you can also access them. We can create a new repository, but we'll see that later. But for now, I just wanted to show you like you can see many products, they store their official images inside this Docker hub. Only you can see Python has their own Docker image. Postgres, ubuntu, MySQL. See they have 1 billion downloads from this Docker hub which shows how many developers are using this docker. So that's why it is very important for us to learn this docker. For now, let me try to search a Docker image with the name MySQL. So if you try to MySQL Docker image, you can see this is the MySQL Docker image. There is also a tag docker official image 1 billion times download happen. So in order to get this Docker image inside your local system, you just need to run this command which is Docker pull MySQL will deep dive into all those commands, don't worry. But for now I just wanted to show you that, inside this Docker hub we can store our own Docker images and at the same time we can also find and fetch all the Docker images of other products that we want to use. If you want to use a database or if you want to use a server or if you want to use a language. So all of them are available as a docker Images inside this Docker hub. Once you install the Docker and created this Docker account, you need to click on this Docker icon available inside your local system. As of now you can see I have already logged in so I can click on this dashboard. So this is my Docker dashboard where you can see all my local Docker images, Docker containers, Docker volumes, will be using this Docker desktop a lot, but please make sure if you are not logged in already, you can click on this button at the top right corner where you can enter your credentials. With that, your local docker is connected to the Docker hub repository that you have created with the same username, which in my case this is eazybytes. And you can also confirm the Docker installation is completed successfully or not by running a command inside the terminal. So here inside my terminal I'm running a command which is docker  version. You'll be getting the version details about the client and the server. The client is using the operating system, which is Darwin, whereas the server, like we discussed it, is using the Linux. So inside my Mac operating system, whenever I try to install this Docker internally, it is going to create a small and lightweight Linux virtual machine. And inside that Linux virtual machine, the Docker server is going to be installed. We already discussed about this. I hope this is clear and I'm also assuming your Docker installation is successful. For some reason, if you face any issues, please check the existing Q&A questions or you can also try to get the help from the web. If nothing is working, if you are stuck, please let me know and post your question inside the Udemy Q&A. I should be able to help you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.