Are you ready to generate Docker image from our microservice? I know you are super excited and you are super ready. By converting our microservice into Docker images. We are going to make them very lightweight, which will make them suitable to overcome the challenges related to the deployment portability and scalability. In order to generate a Docker image from a web application or a spring boot application, there are three mostly common used approaches inside the industry. Inside this section, I'm going to discuss all these three common approach, and by the end of this section we are going to choose one of this approach and we can continue with that option for the remaining course. Let me try to give a quick introduction about these three approaches. The very first approach is by following the Docker file. This is the most basic and the most traditional approach to generate a Docker image. Inside this approach, we need to write a set of instructions inside a Docker file and based upon these instructions, my Docker server is going to generate a Docker image. So this is the most basic approach, and this approach involves some learning curve of the Docker syntax and the Docker best practices. So I'll just give a quick introduction about this approach and using the same approach only we are going to generate a Docker image of Accounts Microservice. The second approach that we have is Buildpacks. With the help of Buildpacks, we don't have to write any Docker file and we don't have to provide any instructions manually to the Docker server to generate a Docker image. Instead, with the help of a single Maven command, we can generate a Docker image and behind the scenes this maven is going to use the concept of Buildpacks. So Buildpacks is a project initiated and developed by Heroku and Pivotal based upon the best practices that they have learned over the years. So this Buildpack simplifies the containerization of our web applications. How it is going to simplify is we don't have to write any low level Docker file like in the first approach and using these approach only we are going to generate a Docker image of Loans Microservice. Now the last approach that we have is Google Jib. Google Jib is a product developed by the Google itself. Later on they open source this Java tool using this Java tool, and with the Maven plugin command, we can generate a Docker image of any Java application very easily without writing any low level dockerfile like in the first approach. So all these approaches, they have their advantages and disadvantages. I'm going to discuss in detail while we are discussing each of these approach. So using this Google jib approach only, we are going to generate a Docker image of Cards Microservice. Here, you may ask me a question like since there are three different approaches, is that the reason why I'm building three different microservices like Accounts, Loans and Cards? Off course not. That's simply a coincidence. I have developed three different microservices inside a BankApplication and luckily there are three different commonly used approaches to generate Docker image from a Spring boot web application. So that's why, like you can see, I have given a mapping of each approach to a microservice. But by the end of this section, like I said, we are going to select one of these approach and we are going to follow the same throughout this course. I hope you are excited about these three different approaches. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.