Inside this lecture, let's try to understand how to create a Docker file and how to provide instructions to the Docker server to generate a Docker image for Accounts Microservice. For the same, I came to my workspace location. As of now you can see I have a folder with the name section two and this section two there are three different microservices with the name accounts, cards and loans. Now since we are into a new section, which is section 4, I'm going to copy the same section two code and paste the same inside the same folder. Post that I'm going to rename this section 2 to section 4. . There is no code related to section 3, because Section 3 is a theory section where we have discussed about how to rightsize our microservices and how to identify service boundaries for microservices. This will give me a flexibility to upload all this code based upon section and in an incremental manner. So whatever code that you are going to find inside these Section 4 is an continuation of the previous section, which is section 2. So this will allow me to upload the code at regular milestones. And this also give flexibility to the students like you to understand what changes I have done inside a specific section to overcome a challenge. So that's why I have created a new folder inside my workspace with the name section 4. Now let's try to import these into my IntelliJ idea. So here I'll click on this open option and post that I'll go to the workspace location like storage, workspaces, Micro Service and section 4. After selecting the Section four, I'm going to click on this open. This will open all three projects inside my Section 4. And these projects are accounts, loans and cards. You can see here inside the bracket, it is showing section 2. This is because we also copied the settings related to IntelliJ idea. So let me close this. Post that I'll go to my folder location here under the section 4 if I try to look for the hidden folders, there is a hidden folder with the name .idea which has settings from the previous section. So I'm going to delete this folder. Now if I try to open this section four inside my IntelliJ idea, it is going to create new settings for this folder. So let me click on this open and I'll make sure I'm selecting Storage, Workspace, Microservice, section 4 and clicking on this open. Now, we should not be having any problem. It will also ask you to load all the maven build scripts like you can see, so please make sure you are clicking on this load button. Then only it is going to recognize all your projects as a maven project and you should be able to see all those Maven projects under this Maven tab. So there are three different Maven projects with the name account, cards and loans. Now, as a next step, since we are trying to focus on accounts microservice to generate a Docker image with the approach 1, I will go to the accounts microservice and open the pom.xml. Here you need to make a small change just after this version. Please make sure you are mentioning the packaging as jar. So since we want to generate Docker images for our accounts microservice or any other microservice, we need to make sure we are mentioning this packaging as jar. This tells to my maven that I want to package my web application in a jar format. Similarly, we can also package in a War format by giving var, but jar is a good format that we can follow whenever we want to generate a Docker image. So that's why I'm going with this jar. Please make sure you are also following this. Once we make these changes as a next step, let me show you few Maven commands and Java commands that will help you to understand how our applications are going to be compiled, once we are clear with these maven commands and how the packaging of the spring boot application is going to happen using the same knowledge, we are going to provide the instructions inside a Docker file. So first I'll go to my target folder of accounts microservice. First, I'll try to delete all the existing compiled classes of accounts Microservice. As of now you can see there is no jar file inside the target folder. There are only compiled classes and folders available, so let me try to delete the content inside the target folder. Now I'll go to my folder location. Here I'll open the section 4 and right click on this accounts and open my terminal at this folder by choosing this option new terminal at folder. So you can see right now my terminal opened at accounts folder. If I try to run the PWT command which will print the present working directory. So this is the present working directory and a section 4 I have accounts microservice. In other words, you need to open your terminal or command line under the folder location where your pom.xml is present. If you see under my accounts microservice there is a pom.xml file is available. That's why I'm trying to open the terminal inside my accounts folder. So now I'll run a maven command, which is mvn clean install. But before that, please make sure Maven is installed inside your system and you have set up the Maven home path. Since this is very basic, I'm not covering about how to install Maven and set up the Maven home path. This is very similar to Java installation and setting the Java home path in order to confirm whether the Maven is installed inside your system or not, you can run a command which is mvn - version. This will give you which version of Maven is installed inside your system. So like you can see Apache Maven 3.8.6 is installed inside my system. So regardless of what version you are using, please make sure this output is printed. Now as a next step, I'm going to run a command which is Maven clean install using this command. I'm telling to my maven to compile my spring boot application with the name account. So inside this accounts folder there is a file called pom.xml. If you can go to the pom.xml towards the end If you go there is a build related configurations that are available. There is a spring boot maven plugin is already configured inside our pom.xml, so please make sure these configurations are available. Now, if I try to run this maven clean install behind the scenes, my maven is going to compile my accounts microservice and it will also do a small basic unit testing. And if the unit testing is successful, it is going to generate a jar. If you see it has done some unit testing and there are no errors. That's why my build is successful. Now if I try to go and check my accounts target folder under this target folder, you'll be able to see a jar generated with the name accounts - 0.0.1 hyphen snapshot. So this is a jar of around 54 MB. We call this jar as a fat jar inside spring boot because inside this fat jar it is going to have all kind of dependencies except Java runtime. So it will have all the spring boot libraries, it will have embedded Tomcat server. So all the dependencies related to accounts microservice is going to be available inside this jar except Java libraries. You may have a question here like how this name is coming. If you go to your pom.xml here, the artifactId is accounts. The version comes by default 0.0.1 hyphen snapshot. If needed you can change this value. So based upon the combination of this artifactId and version, the jar name will be derived. Please make sure you're also following the same artifact like me, so that any issues that you may face, you can always try to compare my code with your code. And if you still not able to identify the root cause of your issue, you can always share your code with me. And if you follow the same naming conventions like me, then my job is going to be super, super easy and I can respond to you as soon as possible. So now we have the jar generated for this spring boot application. My entire spring boot application are my entire microservice application with the name accounts is right now available in the format of this jar present inside the target folder. Now, with the help of this jar, I can try to start my spring boot application using a maven command. For the same, first, let me clear the console and I'll run a command which is mvn spring-boot:run. When I try to issue this command, which is spring-boot:run behind the scenes inside my pom.xml since I have a plugin with the name Spring Boot Maven plugin, this plugin is looking for a jar inside my target folder and using the same jar. It is going to start my web application. Let's try to validate the same. So as soon as I execute this command you can see my spring boot application is being started and it started at the port 8080. I can also test my accounts microservice for the same here inside my postman. I'm going to create an new account by passing a request. You can see I'm getting a successful response. I can also try to run one more API, which is fetch API and you can also see I'm getting a successful response. So this confirms our Accounts microservice is successfully started with the help of a Maven command. Now let me stop my accounts microservice by pressing control C. You can also try to press control C together and that will stop your running instance inside your terminal. Now I'm clearing the console. This time I'm going to show you a Java command instead of a Maven command. Since inside Docker image, we don't want to unnecessarily install the Maven. So that's why I'm going to show you how to run your spring boot application with the help of a Java command. The command is java -jar and my jar is present inside the target folder. That's why I need to give this target/ and the jar name is accounts 0.0.1-snapshot.jar. So this is the command that I'm trying to execute Whenever I try to run this Java command, you can see the same effect. Like my web application will start at the port 8080. The reason why I'm trying to show a demo of all these commands is, this knowledge is going to help you to write a Docker file. With this, I'm assuming you are clear about what we have done inside this lecture. In the next lecture, let's try to write a Docker file and using the same Docker file, we can try to generate a Docker image of Accounts Microservice. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.