Inside this lecture, let's try to write a Docker file for our accounts Microservice. Before we try to do that, let me stop this running instance of my Accounts Microservice by pressing Ctrl C. So this will shut down my Accounts Microservice application. Let me clean the console after stopping your Accounts Microservice, please make sure you also started the Docker. You can see my docker is already running. That's why I'm able to see this icon here. So inside Mac you'll be seeing in the top, whereas in windows you'll be able to see in the down right corner. If you click on this Docker icon and click on this dashboard, you should be able to see all these containers and images right now inside your Docker local. If there are no images, there are no containers, everything will be empty. This confirms that our Docker server is running inside our local. Now as a next step, like I said, first we need to create a Docker file. So right click on your Accounts Microservice folder and select the new file option. The file name has to be Docker file. Please make sure you are following the exact file name because Docker will look for the exact file with the name Docker file and this should not have any extension. That's why I don't give .txt or .xml or .yml. There is no need of any extension. You can simply create a docker file without any extension with a name docker file. So I'm just pressing enter now inside this docker file, we need to write instructions that can be used to generate a Docker image for my Accounts Microservice. In order to run my Accounts Microservice, any time whenever I want to run my Accounts Microservice, the very first basic requirement that I have is to install JRE or Java inside any system. That's why I should communicate the same to my docker, saying that my accounts docker image has a dependency on Java for the same, we are going to use a keyword from inside the docker using this from command, we are telling to Docker that my Docker image has a dependency on some other Docker image, so please import this base image into my Docker image. Whenever you are trying to generate a Docker image of my Accounts Microservice. So that's what we are trying to tell with this from command. So to this from command, we need to provide the base image inside this scenario, the base image is java for the same I'm going to mention openjdk: and post that I'm also going to tell what is the tag of that Docker image. So this is the image name like which is Open JDK and this is the tag name which is  17-jdk-slim. . Make sure there is a colon between Docker image name and the tag, tag is very similar to version. Since I want to use Java 17 version, I'm providing this 17-jdk-slim. . You can also search for these Docker image inside the Docker hub. So this is my Docker hub. If I try to search for open JDK, you can see there is an Docker official image with the name Open JDK. Let's try to click on that. So whenever I want to use this Docker image as a base image for my own microservice, then we need to make sure we are providing the same Docker image name, which is open JDK. And if you click on this tags, there are many versions of Open JDK available with different, different tag names. So if you use this 22-slim-bullseye, you are going to use Java 22 version. So since we decided to use 17 version, I'm going with a tag which is 17-jdk-slim. So let me also provide some comments here. So I just provided a comment saying that start with a base image containing Java runtime. So this is the base image for our accounts microservice. Post that I'm going to give a line space and this time I'm going to invoke a keyword which is maintainer. Using maintainer, we can provide the details of who is maintaining this docker image. So for now I'm just going to mention easybytes.com, so please make sure there is a space between maintainer and this easy bytes.com. So this tell to anyone who is trying to use my docker image that so and so person or so-and-so domain is the maintainer of the docker image that we are going to create. Now I'm going to provide a copy command post this copy command, I'm going to give a space and mention target folder and inside this target folder I have accounts-0 0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar. And I'll give a space and again I'm going to mention the same jar which is accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar . With this, what I'm trying to tell to my Docker server is, there is a jar inside my target folder with this name. So if you see this docker file is present inside my accounts project and inside the same accounts project, there is a target folder. Inside this target folder we have a jar. So this is the jar. So that's what I'm trying to say, please take the present inside my target folder and copy the same jar into my Docker image. When we generate a Docker image, it is going to have all the dependencies in a packaged form. So one dependency that we have is open JDK and the other dependencies that we have is accounts jar. Inside this account jar only, we have all the business code, all the boot related libraries. So we are trying to copy this from our local machine to the Docker image that is going to be generated. And at last we need to provide a command which is entry point. So please make sure you are also following these capital letters. So with these entry point, what we are telling is whenever someone is trying to generate a container from my docker image, please execute. So on, so command. So to this entry point. First I need to provide the square brackets and inside this square bracket I am going to provide multiple commands which is java again, double quotes hyphen jar post that comma and at last what is the jar name that I have, which is accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar. So this is I'm going to copy and mention here. If you see this is the same command that we have used to start our spring boot application with the Java Command. So this is a command that we have used like Java Hyphen Jar and previously Account Jar is present inside the target folder. That's why we have given target folder. But inside my Docker image it is present inside the root folder location only. That's why I don't need to provide target. And the reason why I have to provide all these commands separately in the double quotes comma separate is, since there is a space after each command, we need to follow this syntax whenever we are trying to give command instructions with the help of this entry point. So behind the scenes, whenever I try to generate a Docker container from my Docker image, my Docker server is going to execute this command, which is java-jar and it is going to use this jar. So this is the Docker file that we have written. With this Docker file, now we should be able to generate a Docker image successfully. Before I try to do that, let me try to mention comments for your reference here. So on top of my engineer , I'm going to mention comments saying that information around who maintains the image. Similarly, on top of this copy command I'm going to mention add the applications jar to the image our application jar, we are copying to the image. And at last, on top of this entry point I'm going to mention, which is execute the application. So now we have written successfully a Docker file in the next lecture using this Docker file, let's try to generate a Docker image. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.