Now we have this Docker file ready inside our accounts microservice. As a next step, we need to provide this Docker file to our Docker server. And with that my Docker server is going to generate a Docker image of accounts microservice by following all these instructions. So let's try to understand how to do the same inside your terminal. First, make sure you are running the Docker version command. This will make sure the Docker is installed and it is also started properly inside your local system. So both this is the client version and this is the server version that I have running inside my system. As a next step, we need to make sure you are running a Docker build command. The Docker Build command is docker build . Since my Docker file is present inside the same folder location of accounts from where I'm running this command, I don't need to provide any file name or any folder path, but if your Docker file is present inside some other folder, then you need to provide that exact path. Since inside my scenario the Docker file is present inside the same folder. I need to give this dot symbol post that I'm going to do a space followed by -t, the t indicates tag. After this tag we need to give what is a Docker image name that we want to consider for our Accounts. Microservice. So whenever you are trying to give a Docker image name, you need to follow a standard format. The format is first, we need to make sure we are providing the Docker account username. So the Docker account username is eazybytes, so please make sure you are also providing your own Docker account username. Post that, what is the name that you want to give for your Accounts Microservice. So the name that I want to give here is accounts followed by Colon and what is the version are the tag name of your Docker image. So right now I want to give as S4, S4 for indicates section for since we are into a section 4, I'm going to create a Docker image with the tag name and version name as S4. And this eazybytes is my docker account username which I have created inside my Docker hub. If you see here, this is my docker username that you can see inside hub.docker.com. So you need to make sure you are giving your own username because we have the intentions to store all our Docker images inside this Docker hub. That's why we need to give our username as well, which will be helpful for us in future when we are trying to push our Docker images. If you don't give your Docker username then it's going to create some problems, whenever you're trying to store your Docker images inside the remote repository. So that's why please make sure you are providing this prefix which is your Docker account username followed by slash, followed by what is your microservice name, which is accounts followed by colon and S4, S4 is a tag name or the version number that I'm considering here So with this Docker build command we are telling to Docker server, there is a Docker file inside this folder. Please use that instructions and generate a Docker image with the name eazybytes/accounts:S4. . So this is my CLI. So since I'm using command line interface, this is my docker client or docker CLI from the CLI I'm giving instructions to my Docker server running inside my local system. So let me execute this command. With that, you can see behind the scenes my Docker server is trying to generate a Docker image. The very first step that it has done is it downloaded the base image which is openjdk17-slim from the remote repository which is docker.io library. So once it downloaded that base image post that only it is going to look for the next instructions. So let this download complete When you are running this Docker build command, please make sure your Docker server is running. Otherwise your Docker build command is not going to work. Not only Docker build any other command that you are going to run will only work if your Docker server is running inside your local system. So now you can see my Docker image is generated with the name docker.io/eazybytes/account/S4. . You can also see the steps that it has followed. In the very first step, it downloaded the base image, which is open JDK and in the second step it copied the accounts jar from my local system inside the target folder into my Docker image. So now if I try to execute a command which is Docker images, this will list all the images right now inside my local system. Here you can search for a Docker image with the name accounts. So there are many other Docker images inside my system. You may not have such images inside your system. Don't worry. The main image that you need to look is accounts. So if you see this is the Docker image that I have generated with the name accounts and the tag is S4 . This is the image ID and it is created a minute ago and the size it has is 456 MB. If I try to inspect this image by running a command docker inspect image. And what is the image ID. The image ID, this is the image ID, you don't have to mention the entire image ID. Instead, you can simply mention the initial few 3 or 4 characters. So I'm just mentioning the same and trying to run this. So if you try to see the inspect command, you'll get all the details about your Docker image. So there'll be some interesting information inside this output. First is the author is eazybytes.com, which is coming from the maintainer and post that you can see. The JAVA_HOME is set to the open JDK 17 because we have mentioned that base image as open JDK 17. So behind the scenes since your accounts microservice need JAVA_HOME to be set and all that is taken care by the Docker server during the Docker image generation. And at last you can see the entry point to generate a container from your docker image is java_jar and this is the accounts related jar. So we provided this information also inside our Docker file and the operating system is Linux. Like I said, all the Docker concepts are going to work based upon the Linux concepts like namespaces and control groups. So that's why behind the scenes it is going to follow the Linux operating system only. So these are important information that you can see. You can also explore more details about your image from your Docker desktop. If you go to the Docker desktop and click on this images, there is a image with the name accounts. So these are accounts image and the tag is S4. You can click on this name which will show all the layers available inside your Docker image. This confirms that our Docker image is successfully created based upon the Docker file that we have provided. Now we are ready to convert this Docker image into a Docker container. In the next lecture, let's try to generate a Docker container for our accounts microservice and try to test few scenarios. I hope you are following with me. Don't worry about the Docker images. As you practice and run these commands multiple times, you're going to remember them easily. And I'm also going to provide more details about these Docker commands in the upcoming lectures. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.