Now, inside this lecture, let me show you how to run a Docker container from your Docker image. As of now, like you can see, we have these accounts microservice, Docker image inside our local system. We build this Docker image with the help of Docker Build command. Very similarly, using Docker run command, we can run a container from our Docker image. So this Docker run command is similar to new Operator inside Java. Just like with the help of new operator, we can create any number of instances or objects of our class. Very similarly, with the help of this Docker run command, we can create any number of containers from our Docker image. After giving this Docker run command, we need to give  -p, p indicates port with the help of this port, we need to provide a port mapping. Like I said before, by default, all your Docker containers, they are going to start inside their own isolated network and we can't access the services inside your Docker network because since it is deployed inside its own private network. So that's why not to get them access from the external network, like from your local system or from any other system, you need to expose them explicitly with the help of this port mapping. That's why here I'm going to give a port mapping, which is 8080 with the 8080. With this, what I'm telling to my Docker server is my Docker container is going to start at a port 8080. Like, you know, our accounts microservice is going to start at the port 8080. That's why we need to mention the port at which the container is going to start with the help of the second port. Whereas with this first port mapping, which is 8080 like I highlighted with that, we are telling to the docker, please expose the container to the outside of the Docker network at the port 8080. So anyone who wants to communicate with this container from outside of the Docker network, they have to use a port which is 8080. So here, just to avoid confusion, I'm using the same port number like where the Docker container is going to start. So once we provide these port mapping, we need to provide what is a Docker image name. So from which Docker image name, we want to create a Docker container. So the Docker image is eazybytes/accounts:S4. So this is a complete Docker image name. So as soon as I try to execute this command, you can see my Docker container is being started, which means my accounts microservice behind the scenes is getting started at the port 8080 and with this we are able to successfully start our Docker image as a Docker container. I can also go to the postman and try to validate this container, here I'm trying to invoke this create API. I'm just clicking on the send button. You can see I'm getting a successful response. Now you can see the Docker container is running and I will not be able to run any other Docker command or any other command inside my terminal. So this kind of a inconvenience to the developers. That's why we can start the container in a detached mode for the same first, let me try to kill this container or stop this container by pressing Ctrl C. So with that, my container right now it is stopped. So let me clean the console. After this I need to execute the same command which is docker run-p 8080:8080. And what is the Docker image name. Inside this command? Just after the run I'm going to give a new flag which is -d. This d indicates detached mode. So I'm telling to my Docker server to run the container behind the scenes in a detached mode and I don't want to see any logs inside my terminal. So as soon as I execute this command you can see a container ID is displayed like this is the container ID behind the scenes it is running. And now I can also run any other Docker commands inside my terminal. So we can also see all the existing running containers with the help of docker ps. So if I try to run this docker ps, you will see what are the existing containers that are right now running inside my system. So this is the image, this is the container ID, this is the command that it has used to run as a container. It is created 23 seconds ago and this is a port mapping. You can also validate all the running containers inside your Docker desktop. Inside your Docker desktop, if you go to the containers here, you can see right now my Docker container of eazybytes accounts is in running status. I can also stop this running container from my Docker desktop by clicking on the stop button. Right now if I go and execute the docker ps command, you will not be able to see this container under the list of running containers. So let me run the docker ps command. You can see right now it is empty. If you have a scenario where you want to see all the stopped containers, you can see them inside the Docker desktop or you can also see inside your terminal by running a command docker ps -a. So with this, it is going to display all type of containers that right now are in stopped status. So you can see these are all the containers right now inside my system that are in stopped status. I hope this is clear. Now, if I try to issue the same command, which is docker  run -d -p  8080:8080 eazybytes/accounts:S4. It is going to start a container again from the Docker image. Now if I try to run the docker ps command, you'll be able to see a container right now in a running status. So now if I go to my Docker desktop, you can see right now the Docker container is in running status. You can also have a filter here which you can select that will show you only the running containers. So now if we try to click on this running container, like this is the random name that is given to your container by your Docker server. So if you try to click on this, you'll be able to see the logs of your container. Like these are all the spring boot startup logs. And if you try to invoke your rest APIs and if they generate any logs, you can see them here. And of you try to inspect, you will be able to see details about your container. What is the JAVA_VERSION, what is the JAVA_HOME and what is the port where it is being started? And similarly, if you go to files, you'll be able to see all the files inside your Docker image. You can see we copied the account jar into the root location of our Docker image. That's why you can see these accounts are inside the root location of our Docker image. And similarly, if you go and check inside the inspect, the JAVA_HOME path is user local openjdk. You can also validate the same by going to the files and click on user post that you can look for local inside which the openjdk related libraries are available. This way you can always inspect the files inside your Docker image from your Docker desktop itself. Like under the logs, you can always see the logs and at the same time you can also click on these statistics which will show the CPU usage memory usage and other related resource usages from your container. And at last there is a terminal also, when you click on this terminal, you are actually inside the Docker running container. So if I try to run a present working directory, you can see right now I'm at the root location. This way, whenever you want to run some commands inside your running container, you can always come to this terminal and execute some commands. I hope you are clear with all these steps that we have under the containers. So let's go back to the containers under the Docker desktop and flip this filter. With that, we'll be able to see all other containers inside your system. You can also see here there are other containers of the same image, which means whenever I tried to create a container with the help of Docker image and the Docker run command, a new container is going to be created. If you don't want that, you can also start the existing containers. So for that, let me try to stop this container. So I'm just clicking on the stop button and I'm also copying this container ID, So now you can come to the terminal. And here if I try to execute docker ps, it will not display any running containers because there are no running containers. So now I can also run a command which is docker start and what is the container ID? So this is my container ID if needed. You can also give first four digits or first four characters as well. So as soon as I run this command, you should be able to see that existing container might have started. So you can see right now the status converted into running status. So very similarly, you can also issue docker stop and what is the container ID? And with that your container is going to be stopped. We can also validate by running the docker ps command and there are no running containers. Now what I'm going to do is first I'll try to delete all my existing containers off accounts. For the same inside my Docker desktop. I'm going to select all the containers related to the accounts image and clicking on this delete button. Now I'm going to create the containers again. For the same I'm going to run a command docker run -d -p 8080:8080. eazybytes/accountsS4. So if I try to run this command, a new container is created that you already aware. Very similarly, I can also create any number of containers so I can try to run the same command again. But please make sure you are giving a different port number which is 8081. The reason why we can't give the same port number is we already started and exposed a container at the port 8080 inside your system and we can't reuse the same busy port inside your system. That's why we need to mention a new port number like 8081. And here you may have a question like then why you are not changing the second port number inside the command. Like I said, the second port number inside the command indicates the port number where your container is going to start inside the Docker network. So this container and the second container will have their own isolated network, which means they can use the same port numbers and it will not create any issues. Whereas this port like 8080 and 8081, it is going to be exposed into your local system, your local system. Everything is the same network and that's why you can't reuse the same port number. So now if I try to execute this command, a different container is going to start. Let me run the docker ps command. Now you can see there are two running containers with the port mapping 8080:8080 and 8081 and 8080. The same can be confirmed inside the Docker desktop. So you can see there are two running containers. Now, I can also validate these containers by invoking few REST APIs. So here first I'm trying to test my container one, which is exposed at 8080. So let me invoke this. Similarly, I can also test my second container, which is exposed at 8081, so I'm also validating the same. So this way we can create any number of containers. And I'm assuming you also understand how this is going to solve our deployment portability and scalability issues. You can see how easily I'm able to scale the application from one instance to two instance. Very similarly, I can create any number of instances and coming to the portability, the same Docker image can be taken by anyone as long as they have the docker installed inside the system, they are good and the same application is going to work very similarly like it did inside my local system. And with this Docker image, they don't have to install any JDK, they don't have to download any spring boot, they don't have to download any maven. All the setup is already included inside your Docker image. You just have to run the Docker run command and do a port mapping and provide your Docker image name. With that, the portability issue also resolved and coming to the deployment. Like I said, the same Docker image you can deploy inside your local system, inside a virtual machine, inside a cloud server, wherever you are trying to deploy, the command is going to be the same. The Docker image is going to same, nothing is going to change. And this will make very easy in terms of deployment whenever you are trying to move your microservice from one environment to other environment. Now, quickly, let me explain you how port mapping works inside Docker. I already explained it. I know you may have some confusion as some questions, so let's try to formally discuss about them. If you see here, the very first question is what is port mapping or port forwarding or port publishing? We can also call the port mapping as port forwarding and port publishing. So what is this concept is by default, the containers are connected to an isolated network within the Docker host, to access a container from your local network or from your local system. You need to configure this port mapping explicitly. And I have also given an example where my accounts microservice is running inside a Docker network as a Docker container at the port 8080. If I want to expose that to the outside world with the Port 8081, I need to use this -p 8081:8080. . Always remember the very first port number indicates the value where you want to expose to the external local system or external network. And the second value represents the container port where your container started. I can also show you this in a diagram. First, as soon as the container started, it is going to start inside a Docker network Like you can see the accounts microservice container started at a port 8080. This I cannot access from my outside Docker network. That's why we need to expose this Docker container to the outside world with the help of port mapping. And with that I should be able to access my account microservice, which is deployed inside a Docker network from my local network. So anyone who wants to communicate with my accounts, microservice container, they need to send a traffic request at the port 8081. So this is how port mapping or port forwarding or port publishing will work. I hope you are clear. So these are all the concepts on how to convert your Docker image to your Docker container. So for the accounts microservice, we have followed the very first approach, which is with the help of Docker files. So let me try to revise the list of steps that we have followed very quickly. So in order to run a spring boot application as a container using Docker file, you need to follow the following steps. The very first one is you need to run a Maven command, which is mvn clean install from the location where pom.xml is present and this will generate a fat jar of your application inside the target folder post that you need to define a Docker file. Once the Docker file is created with the set of instructions on the right hand side, you can generate a Docker image for your application by running a docker build command along with what is a tag name that you want to use for your Docker image. For example eazybytes/accounts:S4. is a complete Docker image name that I should provide inside the docker build command. And once the Docker image is generated, the very next step is to create a container from the Docker image. For the same, I need to run the Docker run command and to this Docker run command I should pass the what is a port forwarding requirements that I have along with the Docker image name. With that, I should be able to have a running container inside my local system. I hope this is clear and you are with me. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.