Now we are clear on how to generate a Docker image with the help of Docker file and we have seen the demo of the same inside accounts microservice. But this approach has certain disadvantages, so let's try to understand them inside this lecture. Before that, let me stop my running containers inside my local system so that I can free some memory inside my system. So as of now, you can see there are two running containers of accounts. So I'm just stopping them by clicking on the stop button against each of them post that I'm going to delete them because I don't need them. If I need any container of accounts microservice, I can create them again with the help of Docker run command. So let me delete them the same I can confirm by running the docker ps command. So there are no running containers inside my system. So please do this occasionally and make sure you are deleting any unused containers so that the memory usage and the storage usage inside your system will be used properly. Otherwise your system is going to get hanged. If you are using a system which has very low storage and a low ram memory. Now coming to the disadvantages of Docker file, the very first disadvantage is in order to write a Docker file, you need to be an expert of Docker concepts. So right now we have very basic Docker file where I have given very basic Docker instructions and I told you like you need to use the so and so keyword, you need to mention so and so docker image, you need to give so and so copy commands or entrypoint commands. But in real projects, if your application is large, this simple Docker file may not work for you. So to convert your microservices a Docker image, you need to learn a lot of Docker concepts and you need to learn a lot of instructions on how to provide them with the help of Docker file. So there is a lot of learning curve involved for that developer. Why should developers should learn everything about Docker? Because he's not a DevOps person, because he's not a platform team member. So that's why this option is not good for developers because it involves a lot of learning curve. And at the same time, apart from learning the concepts of Docker, you should also follow the best practices when you try to generate a Docker image. The best practices like your Docker image should be as small as possible. You should try to use lot of caching compression while generating the docker image so that the process is going to be super quick and the Docker image is going to be super small, which will improve your overall microservices setup. And apart from these standards, we should also not ignore any security related concept. We should make sure our Docker image is perfectly secured and there are no security vulnerabilities inside our Docker image. So there is a lot of standards that you need to follow. And in order to implement all these standards and in order to follow all these best practices, you need to put a lot of efforts, you need to learn Docker concept, you need to learn Docker best practices, post that only you can implement all of them inside a Docker file. And the same Docker file you need to maintain for all kind of microservices like accounts, loans, cards. If you have 100 different microservices, you need to maintain 100 different Docker files for them. And maintaining all these Docker files is another nightmare and there will be other challenges like versioning. So there are many challenges that you are going to face with this approach. That's why developers are always looking for an approach where a Docker image is going to be generated automatically without writing any low level instructions inside a Docker file. That's where we have solutions like Buildpacks and Google Jib came into picture. Since developers are facing all these challenges, these two products are built over the years and the same are being used extensively by the developers and the platforms teams these days. So that's why let's try to learn these two different approaches. One is Buildpacks and the other one is Google Jib. First, we'll try to learn Buildpacks. While trying to learn these Buildpacks, I'll be showing you how to generate a Docker image with the help of Buildpacks. And in the same process you will be seeing how easy it is compared to the Docker file approach. I hope you are with me on this. And what are the disadvantages with this Docker file approach and with these disadvantages it should be pretty clear for you that we are not going to use this Docker file approach anymore inside the course because it has a lot of disadvantages and it requires a lot of time to set up. So right now we have only two options Buildpacks and Google Jib. Let's explore both of them and choose one of them that is best suitable for us. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.