Now is the time to explore the second approach that we have to generate a Docker image. And this approach is with the help of Buildpacks. So what is a Buildpacks. Using Buildpacks, we can transform our application source code into a Docker image that can run on any cloud. There is no need of writing low level instructions with the help of Docker file. With a single maven command, we can generate a Docker image very easily. So this buildpacks is developed by Heroku. So initially they started this concept of Buildpacks. Later on both Pivotal and Heroku. They work together and they build a cloud native build packs and with these cloud native build packs, we can generate Docker images very easily because behind the scenes build a pack is going to scan all your source code, it is going to scan your dependencies and accordingly it is going to generate a Docker image. So during the generation of this Docker image, this build packs is going to follow all the standards of Docker in terms of security, in terms of compressing, in terms of caching. So regardless, whatever standard you talk about, Buildpacks is going to take care of everything. And if you want to achieve the same result with the Docker file approach, you need to be a super, super expert at Docker and understanding all the standards of Docker. Since we are the developers and don't want to learn everything about Docker, it will be a wise decision to use Buildpacks instead of Docker file. Because already these build packs is built based upon years of experience at Heroku and Pivotal and they know all the standards that we need to follow while generating a Docker image. We can use this ready to solution instead of reinventing the wheel again and again. So Buildpacks is a framework or an ecosystem or a concept. Based upon this ecosystem, we have Pacchetto Buildpacks that we can use for Java based applications. Apart from Java, it is also going to support many other languages like Go, Graalvm, Python, Ruby, PHP node. So if your microservice or if your web application is written in any of these languages, you can safely use buildpacks. And behind the scenes this buildpacks is going to use these Pacchetto build packs, which is an implementation of Buildpacks ecosystem. I hope you are clear with this quick introduction about Buildpacks. Now let's try to understand how to generate a Docker image with the help of this Buildpacks. For the same, first, let me close all these files of accounts microservice, post that I'm going to go to the loans microservice inside this pom.xml, first I need to make sure just after this version I'm mentioning the packaging as jar. So once we mention this packaging as jar, you need to make sure you have a plugin related to the maven inside your pom.xml. Like you can see whenever we try to generate a spring boot web application from start.spring.io website. By default you will get this plugin which is like Spring boot maven plugin. With the help of this Spring boot Maven plugin. We can generate a Docker image and behind the scenes this Spring Boot Maven plugin is going to leverage Buildpacks and Paquito to generate a production ready Docker image. But in order to generate a Docker image, first we need to provide what is the name that we want to consider for that Docker image that we are going to generate. That's why inside this configurations we need to invoke a tag which is image. So inside this image tag we need to invoke one more tag, which is name. Under this name tag we need to provide what is that Docker image name. The Docker image name that we want to follow is very similar to accounts microservice First, we need to make sure that we are mentioning the Docker username that we have created inside the Docker website. So my username is eazybytes, so please make sure you are mentioning your own Docker username, post that slash followed by what is the name of your application. The name of my application is loans. Again this name can be anything but you need to make sure with the help of this Docker image name, you should be able to identify your microservice. That's why I'm giving this name as loans, which is same as my microservice name. After this, we need to mention colon. And what is the tag name or what is the version name? The tag name that we want to follow here is S4, which indicates section 4, since this image belongs to the section 4, I'm mentioning this S4 here. Now, if you see, instead of hard coding these loans anyway we decided to use the same as microservice name. What we can do is we can try to read this application name with the help of this dollar and curly braces. So inside this I'm going to mention project.artifactId, this project.artifactId we have defined in the top. So the artifactId name is loans. So the same name comes here. This way I'm trying to avoid hardcoding my microservice name. So with this we have mentioned that Docker image name that we want to consider whenever we are trying to generate a Docker image with the help of Buildpacks. So let me save this changes post that I'll go to the terminal. So here, let me clean the console. Right now my terminal is at a location where my pom.xml of loans microservice is available here. I need to issue a maven command and the command is mvn spring-boot:build-image. So with this command we are telling to the maven to generate a docker image of my spring boot microservice by leveraging buildpacks. So behind the scenes it is going to leverage Buildpacks. Let me press enter here and if you are doing this very first time, it is going to take some five minutes because it has to download all the Buildpacks or package related libraries and images inside your local system. You can see right now it is downloading the base image from the paketo buildpacks using this base image only it is going to generate a Docker image. That's why very first time it is going to take some time. But once you have done this from next time onwards, it is going to be quick compared to the very first time. So let's wait for this to complete. Right now it is 36% post at 41% and please make sure while running this mvn command, your Docker server should be running behind the scenes. If you don't have your Docker server is running your Buildpacks can't do anything because at the end of the day, behind the scenes it is going to give instructions to your Docker server to generate a Docker image inside your local system. So you can see it is trying to understand my Java version, which version I'm using inside my pom.xml So inside my pom.xml I have mentioned the Java version as 17. If you can go to the top of this pom.xml, here under this properties we have mentioned the Java version as 17. So based upon all the details and dependencies that we have mentioned inside the pom.xml, it is going to scan for all the dependencies. And by considering all these behind the scenes it is going to generate a Docker image. Finally, after waiting for few more minutes, my Docker image generation of loans microservice got successful with the help of Buildpacks. You can see a Docker image is built with this image name. Now I can try to clean this console and run the docker images command. So here I'm trying to run the same and this time you can see there is also a loans image with the tag S4 and the size is 311 MB. If you see for accounts microservice, we have used the Docker file and the size of the accounts Docker image is 456 MB because we don't know how to follow the best standards, how to cache multiple layers, how to compress our multiple components inside Docker image. We don't know about all those standards and the Docker concept, but with the help of Buildpacks, you can see there is a lot of improvement in terms of the size of our Docker image. It reduced from 456 MB to 311 MB. So this is one of the great advantage if you use the products like Buildpacks, you can also see there is a paketo Buildpacks Docker image downloaded. So this image is going to do all the work of generating a Docker image for your spring boot microservice. And this is of 1.31 GB. So this is a very heavy image and of course you don't have to take this into your deployment. You just need only the loans Docker image. Now I can try to run my loans Docker image as a container. For the same, the command is very similar if you go to the previous commands that we have executed. So this is the one which we have executed docker run -d -p and the loans microservice is going to start at the port 8090. First, I need to make sure I'm mentioning the same and I will try to expose at the same port which is 8090 and the Docker image name of loans is eazybytes/loans and the tag name is S4 only. So we should be good with that. Now, if I try to execute this command, a Docker container will get created behind the scenes. You may see this warning, don't worry, you can simply ignore that. Now if you can go to the Docker desktop first, under the images, you should be able to see the new image that got generated, which is eazybytes/loans. And very similarly, if we can go to the containers, you can see there is a running container of loans. If you can click on this container name, you should be able to see all the logs and you can see your loans microservice started at the port 1890. I can also confirm the same by invoking a REST API against loans microservice with the help of postman. So here you can see, I'm trying to send a request for my create loan with the help of this mobile number. As soon as I click send, you should be able to get a response. So I'm getting a successful response here. So this confirms we have a proper running container of loans microservice that built with the help of Buildpacks concept. So let's try to revise the steps very quickly that we followed inside this Buildpacks approach. The very first step that we need to follow while building a Docker image with the help of Buildpacks is, we need to add the image name details inside your pom.xml like you can see on the right hand side. Along with the image name, please make sure you also have the Spring boot Maven plugin configured inside your pom.xml. This comes by default inside your spring boot web application. If you don't have, please mention that by referring to the code present inside the GitHub repo. Post that we need to run a mvn command which is mvn spring boot build image. So when you try to run this command behind the scenes, your spring boot Maven plugin is going to utilize Buildpacks to generate a Docker image without the need of Docker file. Once you generate a Docker image, you can run this Docker image as a Docker container by using the command which is Docker run along with the port mapping and your Docker image name. So these are the steps that we need to follow. So I have mentioned this inside this slide so that in future you can always refer them and you can always try to brush up the concepts that we have discussed. So on a high level, what is Buildpacks? Buildpacks offers alternative approach to Docker files. So without writing the Docker files this Buildpacks, it is going to help developers to automatically generate production ready Docker images from their application source code. And while generating these Docker images, these Buildpacks is going to follow all the production standards like security, caching, performance, compressing. So that's why this approach is better than Docker file approach. With this, I'm assuming your super clear about Buildpacks in the next lecture, let's try to explore the last approach that we have, which is Google Jib. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.