Now inside this lecture, let's try to explore Jib from the Google to generate a Docker image for the cards microservice. So like you can see you need to go to this URL which is github.com slash Google container tool slash jib. The same URL I have mentioned inside the GitHub repository. Under the important links you can see this is the link of Google Jib website. Once you are onto this GitHub repository, you can scroll down and there are instructions on how to use this jib and containerize our Java applications. So please note that Jib is going to work only for Java applications, whereas Buildpacks is going to work for many other famous languages like Python, Ruby, Node.js. So there are many other languages that Buildpacks is going to support apart from Java, whereas Jib is strictly for Java applications. Since we are building Java based microservice, we can use this Jib without any issues. We can scroll down here. There are links to know more details about how to use this Jeep with the help of Maven and Gradle. If you are using Gradle, you can click on this Gradle link. Otherwise you can click on this Maven. Since we are using Maven, we need to click on this Maven link, which will redirect us to the GitHub repo page where this Maven plugin is available. If you can scroll down here, there are details on how to get started. The very first setup that you need to do is inside your Pom.xml. We need to make sure to copy this plugin detail which will help us to generate a Docker image. So let me copy these configurations. Now I'll go to my cards microservice. So here inside my cards microservice, first I'll try to delete the existing content of target folder. For that I'll go to my Pom.xml and I'll make sure to mention the packaging details after this versioning. So the packaging configurations that I want to use is Jar. So let me mention the same. Now we can go to the end of this palm dot XML. We already have a Spring Boot Maven plugin here, so we can introduce one more plugin. So let me copy the new plugin details. So the plugin details is it belongs to a group ID comm dot google dot cloud dot tools. And the artifact ID is Maven plugin. The version is 3.3.2. And under this configuration we need to mention a tag which is two. After this we can mention the image and what is the image name? The image name we can follow the very similar to what we have been following for the loans microservice. So let me copy the name from the loans microservice. So I'll take this value and I'll mention the same under the cards palm dot XML as well. So Easybeats is the Docker user name that I have created. And the project dot artifact id of this Pom.xml is cards. So there is no need to worry even though we copied from the loans. Since this variable is going to get derived from the existing pom.xml we should be good post that. The tag name that I want to mention here is S4. Once we added these changes inside Pom.xml, we can go to the GitHub repository here. If you can scroll down, there is a command that you can use to generate a Docker image. So the command is Maven compile jib colon docker build. So this will use your local Docker server setup to generate a Docker image. So let's try to execute this command inside my terminal. So for the same first I need to go to the cards microservice location. So I'm just going there was that I'm clearing my console. After this the command that I need to run is Maven compile jib followed by colon and docker build with B as capital. So if I try to execute this command, it will scan all the details inside my pom.xml and it is going to generate a docker image for my cards microservice. And this jib is going to be faster than build packs. You can see I'm able to get my Docker image within 11 seconds, whereas builder packs is going to take a lot of time. So now let me clear the console and try to run the Docker images. So if you can see here we got a new Docker image with the name cards. And this also is having a size of 322 MB, which is very similar to build a pack, but far better than the image size that we have for the accounts microservice. This confirms that Jib also is doing very good job in following all the standards and providing a production ready Docker image. Of course, this tool is from Google. We can confidently use this tool because they might be using this from many years and optimized it to a great extent. That's why we can always leverage these kind of open source tools like jib and build packs. Now here you may have question like for the images that got generated with the help of build packs and zip. There is a created value which is like 43 years ago or 53 years ago. Is this a bug inside this build? Packs and zip. No, this is not a bug. This is a feature provided by them. The reason on why they are using such old dates is they will have a starting date, which is somewhere in 1970 or 1960, which they are going to use whenever you try to generate a Docker image. And if you try to generate a Docker image again without making any changes, intentionally or unintentionally, this new Docker image is also going to have the same created it, and since it is going to have the same content inside it, the regeneration process of the same Docker image is going to be the same. But instead of this old created date, if they use a normal current created date, then the same is not going to work because they cannot really compare two images to identify if the same or not, because the created date is going to differ due to that reason, they are using older dates. You can also look about this these inside the web. Lot. Many people thought this is a bug inside the build packs and zip and why they are showing it as part three years or 53 years. But this is not a bug. This is a feature to optimize the generation of the Docker images again and again. So now my Docker image is available. As a next step we can run docker run command which is docker run, followed by hyphen d, followed by hyphen p. And the port mapping that I want to follow for the cards is 9000 9000. Since our cards microservice is going to start at 9000, I have mentioned this port mapping and the image name is easy byte slash cards and the tag name is S4. So now I'm trying to execute this command. You can see the new container started. I can go to the Docker desktop under the containers. Right now you can see there is a cards related container also running right now. I can also confirm by looking at the logs, you can see it is still starting and the logs are being updated behind the scenes. So now my cards application container is started. I can also validate if it is working properly or not. With the help of postman inside the postman, I'm trying to send a request to the create API available inside the card. So let me click on this send button. After clicking on the send button, you can see I'm getting a successful response, which means our cards microservice is also working fine. After converting as a Docker container, you can also try to run the Docker PS command which will show all the existing running containers. So these cards and loans containers are running and accounts microservice container is not running because I have stopped it long back. I hope you are also clear with the third approach, which is Google give and the steps that we need to follow before we try to close this lecture. Let me show you more details about Google Jib. There is a one more great advantage of Google Jib compared to Buildpacks. Whenever we are using Jib, we can generate a Docker image. Even if you don't have Docker installed inside your system. That's the beauty of jib. So if you don't want to install Docker inside your local system, but at the same time you want to convert your application to a Docker image, then you can use a command which is Maven compile jib build. So when you try to use this build command, it is going to generate a Docker image from your application. And the same will be pushed into the remote repository. Because if you're not running a Docker inside a local system, that means there is no place for your jib to generate the Docker image. That's why it will look for the remote repository details where it has to store. If you can see here there are many other remote repository details that you can configure. If you are using GCR to store your Docker image, you can mention this image name as gcr.io. And what is your GCP project name followed by what is your app name? And very similarly for ECR. Also we can configure image name by following these standards. Whereas for Docker Hub you can mention docker.io. What is your docker username and post that? What is your app name followed by tag name? Tag name is always optional. So whenever it is trying to push your Docker image into the remote repository, it may need some credentials like your Docker credentials or your Amazon credentials, or your GCP credentials. So to provide those details you can always look these documentation on how to provide. But in this course we are not going to use any of these approaches. Because first we want to store inside our local system. We want to test it. Once we satisfied then only we want to manually push into the remote repository. But this approach is going to be super, super helpful for the projects where the developers are not responsible to generate a Docker images, they are simply responsible to push the code into the GitHub repository inside the GitHub repository using CI, CD tools like Jenkins or GitHub actions or any other tool. You can write scripts to generate the Docker image from your application and inside your CI CD server you don't have to install this heavy software, which is Docker. In such scenarios, this is going to be super, super helpful. But like I said, inside this course we are going to use docker build command. Throughout the course. But I just wanted to highlight these advantages that we have with Jib. And this is the true differentiator for many projects where they are trying to prefer Jib compared to Buildpacks. Now let me show you the steps that we have followed to generate a container with the help of Google Jib. In the very first step, we need to configure the plugin details of Jib Maven plugin inside our Pom.xml. Like you can see on the right hand side and inside this plugin details. We should also configure what is the image name with the help of these two tag available under the configuration tag. Once we configure these details, we can run a command which is Maven compile jib docker build. And when we run this command, a Docker image will be generated inside your local system with the help of Docker server Were installed. And here we're not writing any Docker file. And the last step is once we have the Docker image available, you can run your Docker image as a container with the help of docker run command. And with that, your application is ready to accept requests in the form of Docker container. And a high level Google chip help us to generate production ready Docker images by following all the production standards like performance, security, caching, compressing and developers are not forced to write any Docker files, they can simply generate production ready images for their application source code without the need of writing any low level Docker file and if needed. Jib also is capable of generating a Docker image without even local docker setup. I hope you are clear with all the details that we discussed about Google Jib in the next lecture, let's try to compare three different approaches that we have, and try to select one of them for the rest of the course. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.