We looked at three most commonly used approaches to generate a Docker image of our microservices. And now you may have a question like which approach is better, Which one I can use? Frankly speaking, there is no better approach. Every approach has its own advantages and disadvantages. So based upon your scenario, you need to select one of them. You see, for the Docker file, it has disadvantages. Like you need to be an expert to write a Docker file. You need to follow all the production standards and best practices by yourself. And at the same time, the Docker file has to be maintained for all your microservices, but it also has an advantage. This Docker file will give a lot of flexibility to you. If you have any custom requirements while you are generating a Docker image, you can achieve all of them with the help of Docker file approach. Whereas with the buildpacks and jib, you just need to accept what you have received or what they are supporting. That's why if you have any such custom requirements, you can always follow these Docker file approach. But we're not going to use this Docker file approach throughout this course because we as a developers, we don't have to learn all the concepts of Docker file and follow all the best practices manually. We don't want to take that burden. Instead, we can rely on these open source platforms like Buildpacks and Google jib inside these two approaches, which one to choose. Again here, a confusion. Let's try to understand the advantages and disadvantages of them. So inside the Buildpacks website, if you click on this features tab and scroll down, there is a comparison table provided by the Buildpacks team among the various approaches that you can use to generate a Docker image. The very first approach is of course the Buildpacks approach. The second approach is Docker file and similarly we have jib approach. And apart from that, we also have other approaches like source to image and ko. Inside this ko I showed you three different approaches like Buildpacks, Dockerfile and Jib. That's why let's focus on them only and ignore the other approaches because those are not commonly used. You see here, Buildpacks is a winner in most of the scenarios like caching. Buildpacks is providing and the jib it is not providing this bill of materials Buildpacks is providing, Jib is not providing and similarly modular and pluggable Buildpacks is providing and multi-language support this is very, very important because Buildpack supports various languages and even the Docker file, whereas Jib is going to support only Java and same Multi-process Buildpacks is a winner. Minimal app image both a buildpacks and jib by default provide, whereas dockerfile with some conditions. This way there are many other advantages and you can see Buildpacks is a clear winner. That's why you'll be seeing many people using Buildpacks. And this also give them flexibility. If they have different microservices based upon different languages, they can always use a buildpacks. But whereas if they go with jib, then only for Java based microservice, they can use jib and for the other microservice where they are using Python or any other language. In such scenarios they have to use buildpacks. So instead of using two different approaches they will go with the Buildpacks. They have microservices focusing on various languages. But the question right now is which one we are going to use inside this course. The approach that I'm going to use inside this course is jib. You may get surprise here, why I'm using Jib. There are three different reasons why I'm going to use Jib inside this course. The very first one is Jib is going to take very less time to generate a Docker image. It is going to super quick compared to Buildpacks. That's the very first reason and it is also going to take less memory inside my system. So inside local system, since I want to save some storage and ram memory, I'm going with this jib option. Even many of my students, they may have some laptops with eight GB Ram only or 16 GB Ram only. And since we are going to build lot many other microservice components in the coming sections, the following buildpacks inside local system, I won't recommend because it is going to need a lot of storage and ram capacity and many times it is going to be super slow. And the second reason why I'm preferring Jib or Buildpacks is right now our microservice is only Java based microservice. I don't have any intentions to develop microservice based upon other languages. That's why I'm not going to choose Buildpacks. I'll simply follow the jib. But in real projects where you have multi language microservice, please follow the buildpacks. And the last reason why I'm using jib is, Buildpacks has some issues inside the Mac operating systems. There are some official defects are also logged inside Buildpacks and the Buildpacks team is trying to fix them in the coming months or may take years also to stabilize these buildpacks inside the Mac operating system. Since I'm using Mac operating system and many of my students are also going to use Mac operating system. I don't want to follow an approach which is going to give some issues in a particular operating system, whereas I validated it is working perfectly fine in Windows Mac and at the same time it is also working perfectly Linux operating system. Buildpacks also working fine in Mac operating system like we saw in the loans demo, but it is going to work very slowly inside the Mac operating system. And few students may even have some challenges to generate a Docker image with the Buildpacks. With all these reasons I am going with the jib approach inside this course. I hope you are fine. But like I said, in real projects where we use heavy servers to generate a Docker images, you can go with the Buildpacks because inside local system many of the softwares running and you may not have 32 GB Ram laptop or any other higher configurations. With all these reasons we are going with jib but not the Buildpacks, but in production applications I recommend Buildpacks. Off course, Jib also works for production applications. This buildpacks has more advantages like we saw like it supports advanced caching, it supports multiple languages. So there are many, many other advantages which you can identify by looking at this comparison table. I hope you are clear on why we are using Jib as a approach that we are going to continue to use throughout this course. So there is no bad and good approach. All of them are very good. They all have their own strengths and disadvantages. Please choose whatever works based upon your project and scenario. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.