As of now, we have the Docker images generated and they are available inside our local system. If you keep them inside your local system, then obviously it's not going to make sense. Because the images has to be eventually deployed into your production server or inside a dev server or QA server. To achieve this deployment in higher environment, just like how we push our code into the GitHub. Very similarly, we need to push our Docker images into a remote repository provided by the Docker hub or any other private registries available inside AWS, GCP Azure. So there are many private registries available even from GitHub also there is a private registry, but inside the course, like we discussed, we are going to store all our Docker images inside the remote repository provided by the Docker hub. For the same, we need to push our Docker images from local system into the remote Docker hub repository. The command that we need to run to push our Docker images into the Docker hub repository is docker space image space push. After this push you need to give the space and followed by docker.io. Since we decided to push our Docker images into the Docker hub, we need to provide this docker.io followed by what is your complete image name? So your image name should also have your Docker username, which is eazybytes in my case post that accounts. And what is the tag name? The tag name of my accounts microservice is S4. So this is a complete command that I need to use to push the image from my local system to the remote repository. I have mentioned all the Docker commands that I have used inside the GitHub repository, so please refer them if you have any questions. Now let me try to execute this command. You see, my image is getting pushed into the remote repository provided by the Docker hub. Here you may have a question like I didn't give my credentials to push into the Docker hub. So there is a password for my account inside the Docker hub, but I have not provided that password or username anywhere inside my command. So here what my CLI will do is behind the scenes since I already logged in into my Docker desktop with the same username, it is going to fetch my username and password details from the Docker desktop. So the CLI and Docker desktop, they are going to work together and based upon the credentials that I have used to log in into my Docker desktop, the same is going to be utilized while we are trying to push our image into a remote repository. If you have not logged in into your Docker desktop or if there are no login details configured inside the local system, then obviously you will get an error saying that login failed or access denied. And here also make sure that you are mentioning your own Docker username. Don't mention my eazybytes username inside your docker push command because you will not have my credentials. That's why this is very very important to use your own username. And the same username also should be used inside your pom.xml or while generating a docker image. So your image name should have your username followed by your application name. And this is the tag name. Now I'm going to push my loans microservice image as well. The command is going to be the same instead of accounts, we are going to mention loans and I'm pushing the loans microservice right now. So you can see here this is being pushed from my local system into the remote repository. After few seconds, my loans Docker image is also successfully pushed into the remote repository. As a next step, I can try to push my cards microservice. The command is going to be the same instead of loans, I'm going to mention the name cards. So you can see the command is Docker image push docker.io/eazybytes/cards and what is the tag name which is S4 here. So let me execute this command. This will also push my cards Docker image into my remote repository. So this is going to take few seconds, so let's wait for this to get completed. Now my Cards Docker image is also pushed into the remote repository. To validate if these images are really pushed into the remote repository or not. First, we can go to the Docker desktop. Here under these images you can see these are all the images available inside our local system. Very similarly, if you can click on this hub, this will show you all the images available inside your remote repository with the Docker account name eazybytes. So you can see there are three different Docker images with three different names along with the tag names. And when they are pushed, what is the size of them? All these details are available here. You can also validate these details by going into the Docker Hub website. So here I logged in into the Docker Hub website. And this is my username, which is eazybytes. You can see there are three different images pushed like this accounts is pushed nine minutes back and similarly loans pushed five minutes back and cards pushed two minutes back. If you can click any of these image, you will have all the details. Like this image has a tag with the name S4. You can also see this image can be viewed by anyone. Since this public view is available. This means I can push into my Docker hub repository and anyone can pull my Docker images into their local system and they can start using them without any credentials. That's the meaning of this public view here. This is very similar to GitHub private repository and public repository, so this works very similarly. If you want to change this Docker image from public view to private view, then you need to go to the settings. Here under the visibility settings, you can make this as private, but like I said, with a basic personal plan, we can only have one image as a private repository. But I'm not going to make this as a private because I want my Docker images to be visible for everyone. So this is the default behavior of my Docker images that I have pushed. And if you want to understand more details about the tags available inside my Docker image, you can see as of now I have only one tag, which is S4. If anyone want to use this Docker image with this tag, they can simply execute this command docker pull eazybytes/cards:S4. We can also try to validate the same. So let me copy this. I'll go to my Docker desktop. First I'll try to delete the cards Docker image from my mission. So I'm just selecting this cards. I'm clicking on this delete button. So let me click on this Delete forever. I'm not able to delete it because there is a container with this docker image created. So first we need to delete the cards related container. So let me delete that post that I'll go to images and delete these cards Image. So now there is no Docker image of cards inside my local system, so I can also confirm the same by running Docker images. So you can see there is no cards related Docker image inside my system. So we can run the command which is Docker pull easybytes/cards:S4. So this will download that image from the remote repository into my local system. I hope it is making sense to you. Docker Pull will do the exact opposite action of Docker push Docker push will take your Docker images from local system to the remote repository. Whereas if you want to fetch the images from remote repository into your local system, you need to use this docker pull command. So you can see it is being downloaded. Now the download is completed. If I try to run the Docker images again this time you should be able to see the cards inside my local system. This way we can push our store any number of Docker images inside the remote repository provided by the Docker hub. From this Docker hub. My teammates, they can pull the Docker images, they can use them, or we can have some CI/CD pipelines or tools to fetch the Docker images from my Docker hub and using the same Docker images, they are going to deploy my accounts microservice loans and cards, microservice in any of the cloud server or inside the virtual machines. I hope you are clear on how to push the images and pull the images. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.