Inside this lecture, I will show you a problem that we may face with the current setup that we have, and post that I'll also show you a solution for the problem. As of now, you can see we have three different images like cards, loans and accounts. These are the Docker images of three microservices that we have built so far to run our microservices we need to convert these Docker images into containers with the help of docker run command. So if I want to start my three microservice, I need to issue docker run command three different times along with the image name and the port mapping. What if I want to start multiple instances of my microservices in such scenarios, giving this docker run command manually for each microservice and for each instance of it is super, super cumbersome process and it is time consuming process. If I have 100 microservice, I need to issue these Docker run command 100 different times, which is not quite viable option for any human. To overcome this challenge, we have another component inside Docker ecosystem with the name Docker Compose. Let me try to introduce this Docker Compose. So this is a location where you can read more details about the Docker compose. You can see Docker Compose is a tool for defining and running multiple container docker applications. So with the help of with Compose, we can use a Yaml file to configure all our application service. Then with a single command we can create or start all our services. So instead of running multiple Docker run commands, I can define all my Docker image details and how I want to start them inside a single Yaml file. Once I define all these details inside a single Yaml file, I can issue a single command and with a single command all of my microservice containers are going to start and this docker compose. We can make it work inside any environment like production, staging, development testing as well as continuous integration workflows. So that's why it is highly recommended to use Docker Compose. If you have multiple microservices inside your system and these Docker compose will help you to start, stop and rebuild services. View the status of running services. Stream the log output. Run a one off command. This way it has many other advantages. So whenever you install Docker desktop inside your system by default, Docker compose related components also will be installed. We can also validate the same by running a command which is Docker space compose version. This will print the what is the Docker compose version right now you have inside your system. So this is the version of Docker Compose right now that I have inside my system. And this also confirms that Docker Compose is installed inside my machine. For some reason, if you don't have this docker compose installed inside your system, don't worry, you can simply come to this page and here there is an link which will help you to install Docker compose inside your system. So please follow the steps based upon your operating system and you should be able to install the Docker compose successfully. Now to get started with the Docker compose. Like I said, we need to write a configuration file and inside this configuration file we need to define all the details about our Docker images and how we want to start them. For the same, first, I need to create a configuration file and I'm going to create that under this accounts microservice. There is no specific reason on why I'm creating a configuration file under accounts. Since this is applicable for all microservices, you can create this configuration file any place. But since I want to check in this file into the GitHub repository I'm trying to create inside this accounts microservice maven project. So here I'm going to create a new file and the file name has to be docker -compose and the format are the extension of this Docker compose file should be yml. . Because we are going to provide all our configuration details to the Docker server using Yaml format. So let me create this file. Post this you can see this is an Yaml file. It is automatically detected now here, since we want to define about all our service details, the very first syntax that we need to mention here is, services followed by Colon, and at these services we can define any number of service details. That's why we need to press enter and make sure there is a Tab space. If you don't have tab space then Yaml configuration is not going to work. You can see there is a tab space that I have created. After you have given tab space you can give, what is your service name? The service name that I want to give for accounts microservice is, accounts itself and under these accounts service I can provide the details like what is the image name that this service is going to use, For the same let me press enter as soon as I press enter since I'm using .yaml extension and there is a yaml plugin installed inside my intelliJ IDE. It is automatically giving a tab space. Right you can see I'm not exactly under the accounts so there is a tab space came into picture. Here since we want to provide the image details, I need to select the image and post that give colon followed by space. After that you can mention what is that accounts microservice image name. So the image name is eazybytes/accounts. And what is the tag name? The tag name is S4. If needed, you can also give this image name inside the double quotes so that will make your image name crystal clear to your docker compose file, post that we can give a container name. So with the help of this container underscore name, we can give a container name for our accounts microservice whenever it is trying to generate a new container from the Docker image that we have provided. So the container name that I'm going to give here is -accounts-ms. MS indicates microservice. If you don't give this container, what will happen is whenever you are trying to create a container from your Docker image, a random name will be given to your container by the Docker server. You can also see under the containers right now there is a container of loans previously which we have created, so it has a random name which is angry Cannon. So with this I cannot really identify to which microservice this container belongs. So to identify that, I need to check the image details to avoid such inconvenience, we can define a name to our container. So this container is in running status. Let me stop this. So please make sure you have deleted all the containers inside your system so that you will get some space and memory inside your Docker desktop. Once we mention these container name, press enter and configure the ports mapping with the help of ports. So under the ports we can define multiple ports mapping. That's why inside the Yaml, whenever you are trying to provide multiple elements, we should follow this hyphen. So this hyphen indicates this is a single element inside an array like, you know, our accounts microservice is going to start at the port 8080 and at the same port I'm trying to expose to the external network. And if needed, if you want more number of port mapping, you can define multiple port mapping by pressing enter and following the syntax with the help of Hyphen. But right now I don't have any requirements to create multiple port mappings, so that's why I'm deleting this and going to the same position where my ports is present. Now whenever my container is being created, I want to make sure that it has a maximum memory allocation. Beyond that, I don't want to assign that because inside my local system I have only 16 GB Ram. Since we are going to create multiple containers inside our course, we should make sure we are restricting our containers to a maximum memory. For the same, I need to mention a keyword which is deploy and this deploy you need to invoke resources. Post that under these resources, please invoke limits after the limits you can mention memory and under the memory mention 700 M with this I'm telling to this accounts microservice at a max I want to provide 700 M memory. Beyond that my Docker server is not going to assign. So if you see there is a hierarchy that we have followed inside Yaml services is the parent and under the services there is a child with the name accounts under accounts we have details like image, container name, ports mapping and what are the deployment instructions. So under the deploy we have resources and a resources we have limits under the limits, we have memory. Now we can copy the same configuration and copy it at the same location where the accounts microservice details are mentioned. So please make sure this newly copied values are also present inside the same line where my accounts is present. Like you can see it is present in the same line portion. Now I can change this accounts to the loans because we want to mention the loans related configurations. Also, the image name is going to be changed to loans and the container name is going to be changed to the loans-ms. And the port mapping is going to be 8090 and the both sides and the deployment instructions are going to be the same. After loans, I'm going to copy the same again. And this time I'm going to rename all these loans details to cards. So let me do the same for image name as well. And the container name I'm going to change to cards-ms. And the port mapping is 9000:9000 the same I'm trying to mention here. And there is no change inside the deployment resource limits memory restrictions. Now if I try to start my services with this Docker compose file, all these services are going to start with a single command. As of now, there is no dependency between these microservices. They are all going to start in different, different isolated networks. What if I have a dependency between these microservices or what if in future, if I have a scenario where these microservices need to talk with each other? In that scenario, it is not going to work by default because all these services are going to get created inside their own network. So to make sure that the Intercommunication is working, we need to tag all these microservices under a same network by the same. What you have to do is just after these deploy instructions, mention networks, after these networks, we can define any number of networks. The network name that I want to mention here is EazyBank and this can be any name. So the same network information I'm going to mention for loans as well just after the deploy, I'll just make sure it is present exactly in the same portion of deploy. So let me do the same for cards as well. Now I have tagged a network to all my microservices with the name easybank to create a network with the name easybank. You can come to the place where the services is mentioned so you can see there is no space. I'm at the very first position of my line. Here I need to invoke a root element inside my docker compose and the root element is networks, just like how we have services at the root level. Similarly, we can also define networks. The network name that I want to create is the same name that we have configured inside our services. So this is the network that I want to create. So I'm just mentioning the easybank under my networks post that I'm just mentioning Colon followed by Driver under the driver, I'm going to mention bridge b,r, i,d,g,e. So with this I'm telling to my Docker server, please create a network with the name easybank with the driver bridge. Since I'm using the same network inside my accounts, microservice, loans microservice and the cards microservice. My Docker server is going to establish a bridge using which all my micro services they can communicate with each other. So this way we have defined all our instructions inside this docker compose Yaml file. Right now our docker compose file is ready. Inside the next lecture I'll show you how to start all our microservices with a single command. With the help of this Docker compose file. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.