Inside this lecture, Let's try to learn how to start all our microservices with the Docker compose command. As of now, you can see I am into my cards microservice. So this is my present working directory. And inside this folder there is no Docker compose file. If I try to give a command which is Docker space, compose space up, which is up with this docker compose up, we should be able to start all our microservices that we have defined inside our docker compose Yaml file. But the problem right now we may face is inside folder. We don't have this Yaml file. Let's see what error it is going to throw. So if I try to execute here you can see no configuration file provided, not found. That's why please make sure you are running this docker compose up command from the location where you are. docker compose Yaml file is present. So let me go back to the accounts folder and inside this folder we know that Docker compose Yaml file is available. I can also confirm the same by running the command list. You can see there is an docker compose Yaml file. Now I'm going to run the docker compose up command. If I try to run this command, all my containers are going to start and the same log is going to be displayed inside my terminal. I don't want to keep my terminal busy, so that's why I'm going to start this in a detached mode. -d will start all your containers behind the scenes, so let me try to execute this command. You can see behind the scenes it is trying to start my containers and right now my terminal is also free. So let me clear the console and try to run the command, which is docker ps. So with the single command, I'm able to start three different microservice that are running at the port 8080:8090, 9000. These are the container names that we have created. We can also confirm the same inside the Docker desktop. So under the containers you can see since I'm trying to run my docker compose command from the accounts folder, the parent folder will come here. So under this accounts folder we have three different microservices are running. One is loans microservice, and the third one is cards microservice for accounts microservice you may have question like why it is showing only ms but not accounts -ms. The accounts is already present here. That's why it is not showing accounts-ms again here. I think it's a kind of bug inside the Docker desktop, but that's fine. Inside our CLI, we are able to see the container name properly. You can see all these three containers are running properly. Now I can try to test them. Frist I'm trying to create an account, but please make sure the port number is 8080 because we configured the port mapping as 8080. So let me click on the send button and you can see I'm getting a successful response. Now I'll go to the create loan. I will click on the send button and you will get a successful response. Let me do the same for Create Card. And here also I'm getting a successful response. So this confirms all our containers are started successfully with a single command. How about stopping all of them with a single command again. For the same, it's going to be super, super easy. Just like how we have docker compose up. You can also use docker compose down. So let me run this command docker compose down -d. I think for Docker compose down, we can't use this -d. So let me try to execute docker compose down alone and that will stop all my containers. You can see those are getting removed. Now I'll go to my Docker desktop. You can see now my containers are no more there and all the containers are deleted. If you don't want them to be deleted, you can run a command which is docker compose stop. But since it is always advisable to delete the containers whenever you are trying to stop them, please use the Docker compose down command. So we have used two commands docker compose up which will start all your containers with a single command. And similarly we also use docker compose down which will stop and remove all your containers from your Docker desktop. I hope this is clear. I didn't show you the demo of network that we have created. Like there is a network easybank that we have created as of now in the upcoming sections. When we try to have such scenario, I'll be showing you the demo and how the intercommunication between the containers are working with the help of this driver bridge network that we have created. This way you can create any number of services inside your Docker compose file and you can start them and you can stop them. You can restart them, you can achieve everything with a single command. Please make sure you are learning the structure and syntax of this docker compose Yaml file. This is super super easy. You can also find this inside the GitHub repo. Please make sure you are following this indentation of this yaml file properly. Otherwise things won't work like you expected. Every space is important inside the yaml file. I hope this is super super clear to you. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.