In the previous lecture, we explored the commands of docker Compose, which is docker compose up, and similarly docker compose down. We saw that with the help of docker compose up, we will be able to create the containers. So whenever we use this docker compose up command, it is going to create your containers from scratch. If you see here right now there are three containers created from scratch because I have used docker compose up command. Now using docker compose down command, I can stop and I can also remove the containers. Think like there is a scenario where I don't want to remove my containers, but simply I want to stop them. In such scenario you can use docker compose space, stop. This will stop all the running containers that you have started with the help of docker compose command. You can also see right now the containers are simply stopped. If I want to start them again, the command that I need to use is docker compose start. So there is a clear difference between start and up Command. Start Command will look for the existing containers and it will try to start them again. So that is what happening here. Like you can see right now, they are in the running status. Now, this time I'm going to use docker compose down, which will stop and remove my containers. So now you can see all of my containers are removed. We confirm the same inside my Docker desktop. Now if I try to execute a command which is docker compose start since there are no containers, it will simply fail with a reason. There is no service with the name cards are similarly, there is no service with the name, loans and accounts. And even if you try to run a command stop without any running containers, there will be no effect due to this command. Now let me try to run the command docker compose up again with a -d. So this will create the containers from scratch and start the same. After starting I'm going to simply stop them with the command docker compose stop and this will stop all the running containers like you can see. My containers are not deleted. They are only being stopped. In this scenario, if I try to run the command which is docker compose up, it is not going to create the containers from scratch. Instead, it is going to leverage the existing containers already with the same names like cards-ms and accounts microservice and loans microservice. So that is what's happening here. I hope you are getting a complete picture of docker compose up, docker compose down, docker compose start and docker compose stop. So there is a clear difference between these commands, so please make sure you are clear and use them accordingly on your day to day basis. Most of the times I'm going to use docker compose up and docker compose down because I always make sure I'm deleting my containers when I don't need them. That will give me some space inside my local system. I hope this is clear to you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.