Inside this lecture, let me show you the list of Docker commands that we use on day to day basis. The very first Docker command that we have here is Docker images. We are already using these Docker images command. A lot of times to see the list of Docker images present inside my local Docker server. And if I have a scenario where I want to know more details about a specific image, then I can run the second command, which is Docker space image, space inspect and what is the image ID? So whenever you're trying to pass a image ID or container ID or any other ID inside Docker, you don't have to mention the entire ID value. You can simply mention first three characters or four characters and your Docker server is smart enough to detect the entire image ID or container ID based upon the short value that you have provided. And the next command is to remove that Docker image. I showed you how to remove a Docker image from the Docker desktop. If you don't have access to Docker desktop, then you can issue this command from your CLI, which is docker image rm, rm indicates remove. And to this command you can pass. What is the image ID? If you have multiple images to remove, you can mention all those multiple image IDs separated by a space value. And after this remove command we have Docker build command. Using this Docker build command, we can generate a Docker image based upon a Docker file. So please make sure when you are running this Docker build .command the Docker file present inside the same location where you are running this command from the terminal to this Docker build command, we should provide the complete Docker image name with the help of -t indicates tag. And the 5th command that we have here is docker run command. We use this already many times with the help of this docker run command, along with the port mapping details and the Docker image name, we can start a Docker container based upon a given image. The 6th command that we have here is docker ps This will show all the running containers and similarly, if you want to see all the containers, including running and the stopped ones, then you need to run the 7th command, which is docker ps -a. The next command, which is 8th command is docker container start. What is a container ID? We want to start a specific container which is previously stopped. Then you can run this command. If you want multiple containers to start, then you can mention all those container IDs separated by a space value. And for whatever reason, if you want your container to pass for some time or if you want your container to not accept any traffic, then you can run this docker container pass command along with the container Id. Once the container is passed. Definitely after some time you want to unpass it. So in such scenarios you can run the 10th command, which is docker container and unpass and what is the container ID? So this will resume your container and it will start accepting the request. And the 11th command is to stop the running container. Whenever you want to stop any running container, you need to use docker container stop. And what is a container ID? Whenever you use this docker container stop command, your Docker server is going to give some time for your container to close any resources, which means your Docker server is not going to kill your running container instantly. It is going to give some time like 5 seconds and within this 5 seconds your Docker container can close any resources that is opened by it, like database connections or file systems. Whereas with the 12th command, which is like docker container kill, you can kill one or more running containers instantly. That's the difference between stop and kill. With the kill command, we are going to kill the container instantly, whereas the stop command will give you like 5 seconds for your container to close any resources. And similarly, like you can see under the 13th command, we can restart containers with the command docker container restart and just like image inspect. If you want to know more details about your container, you can use this docker container inspect command. To this command, you can pass a containerId. For debugging, if you want to see the logs of a container, you can run this 15th command, which is docker container logs. And what is the container ID? This will fetch all the logs of a given container ID, but like I showed before, the more convenient way of checking the logs is with the help of Docker desktop. So inside your Docker desktop, go to containers and click on the container name and you will be able to see the logs of the container in live. Now moving on to the next important commands, sometimes you want to continuously follow the logs of a container like you want to see the logs in action what is happening. In such scenario, you can use this -f flag which tells to your Docker server that you want to follow the log output of a given container ID continuously inside your terminal and to remove your container, you can run the 17th command, which which is Docker rm and what is your container ID? If you want to remove multiple containers at the same time, you can provide all those container IDs separated by the space value, the 18th command, which which is docker container prune. This will help you to remove all the stopped containers with a single command. You don't even have to mention what are the stopped container IDs. So by default, this command is going to remove all the stopped containers. And the docker image push and docker image pull commands we already discussed. Using these commands, we can push and pull the images from local system to remote repository and vice versa. And just like Docker container prune, we also have Docker image prune like you can see in the 21st command. So this is going to remove all the unused images. So how your Docker server is going to identify all unused images. The answer is very simple. If there are no associated containers of an image is present either in start or stop mode, then that image will be considered as an unused image by your Docker server. From Docker Desktop, I showed you how to see the statistics of CPU usage or memory usage of your container. If you want to see from your CLI as well, you can run this command which is docker container stats. So this will show all container statistics like CPU utilization, memory and IO usage. And just like how we have image prune and container prune, we also have Docker system prune. This will remove all the stopped containers, unused images, unused networks, volumes, cache inside your Docker server. And under that 24th command you can see I have mentioned one more approach on how to delete our image. Docker rmi, I indicates image with this rmi we are telling to our Docker server to remove the image which is associated to an image ID that we have provided. Now coming to the next command, which is 25th command. Whenever you want to log in into your remote Docker hub from your CLI, you need to use this docker login -u and followed by what is your username. Post that it will ask you the password. You can enter your password and with that from your CLI you are going to get logged in. But we don't have to follow this because inside Docker desktop there is a sign in option which will allow you to sign in with the help of browser as long as you logged in with the Docker desktop, your CLI also is automatically connected to your Docker hub account. But in the scenarios where you don't have Docker desktop installed, you have only Docker and Docker server. Then in such cases, these Docker login will help you to log in into your remote hub repository. And similarly we also have Docker log out to log out from the Docker Hub Container Registry account. Now moving on to that 27th command, which is Docker History Command with the help of Docker History Command and providing an image name, we can see all the intermediate layers and the commands that were executed while building an image. So this is going to help you to debug your image. If you are facing any issues behind the scenes, there will be lot of work that will be done by the Buildpacks or the Google jib or the Docker server while generating a Docker image. So to understand the intermediate layers and the commands that it has used to generate the Docker image, you can use this command. Sometimes you may want to run some commands inside your running container, so the running container is present in its own network to run any CLI commands or any terminal commands from the Docker desktop, you always have an option to directly go to the terminal and run the commands. Whereas if you want the similar behavior with the help of Docker CLI, you can execute these 28th command which is docker execute - it and followed by what is your container ID followed by sh. So with that you are telling I want to open a shell inside a running container based upon the container id that you have passed and this will open a shell inside a running container from your CLI itself and you can execute the commands. And at last we discussed that Docker compose related commands like like docker compose up, which will create and start the containers based upon the given Docker compose file. And similarly we have docker compose down which will stop and remove the containers. And if you don't want to delete your containers, you can simply use docker compose stop command. And similarly, if you simply want to start the containers and if you don't want to create the containers from scratch, then you can use the command docker compost start. So these are all the important commands that you can use on your day to day basis. And these commands will be also handy to you whenever you go for any interview. That's why I have mentioned all the important commands inside the slides that I'm going to provide, and at the same time I have also mentioned them inside the GitHub repo page, so please refer them whenever you have some questions. But like I said, always try to use the Docker desktop, which is the most convenient way to interact with the Docker images and Docker containers because that will give you an UI to interact with your containers and images. So feel free to use whatever approach is comfortable to you. I hope this is clear to you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.