Inside this lecture, let me introduce a Docker extension that may be useful for you on day to day basis. You can see inside your Docker desktop there is an option add extensions. There are thousands of Docker extensions available which you can use based upon your requirements on day to day basis. So whenever you are into a problem while using Docker containers, Docker images or Docker desktop, always search for if there is any extension that will solve your problem. By installing these extensions, you can make your life easy. One such extension is related to logs, so if you search for log, there is an extension with the name Logs Explorer. You can see if you can click on this. This is officially published by the Docker company itself. You can click on this install button as soon as you click on this install button, this extension will be installed inside your Docker desktop. So let me close this right now. You can see the installation is completed. With that, I have a logs explorer under my extensions, so let me click on that. You can see there is no logs information right now because I have installed this just now. So with the help of these Logs Explorer, we can see all the logs of our running containers or stopped containers. So let me show you a demo of this extension. For the same, I'm going to run a command which is docker compose up, which will start all of my containers. Now I can go to my Docker desktop. Here you can see under accounts there are three different microservices are running like loans microservice, cards microservice and accounts microservice. And each microservice has its own color. Like all accounts microservice related logs are highlighted in a blue color. Similarly for loan, it is red color, and for cards it is green color. So you can look for all the logs from this Logs Explorer itself instead of navigating each of the container. If you are looking for the logs of a specific container, you can select here and that will do the filtration automatically and you will be able to see only the logs related to the loans microservice. And at the same time there is also a filter option to see the running containers logs or the stopped container logs. There is also a search button and if you want to see the logs based upon the specific log type like standard output or standard error, you can select the option accordingly. This way, these Docker extensions are going to make our lives super, super easy and Logs Explorer is one such extension. I would strongly recommend you to install this extension inside your system as well. In future anytime like I said, if you face any problem with the Docker or if there is some task which is taking you a lot of time, then look for extensions because somebody might have faced the same issue and they might have built the extension, which which is right now available for others to use. So with the help of these extensions, make your life easy. That's what my recommendation here. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.