We discussed a lot about Docker and how to containerize our web applications inside this section. Before I try to conclude this section, I just wanted to share a few important information. One such information is I have uploaded the section 4 related code inside the GitHub repo. Like you can see under this section 4 you should be able to see three different microservices with the name accounts, cards and loans. And inside the accounts you will be able to see the Docker file and Docker compose file that we have created along with the other Maven related configurations that we have done inside the pom.xml. So please refer to this GitHub repo for any questions. Since I also provided you the PDF content, please try to revise the same multiple times so that the concepts are going to be super, super clear for you. So we did a lot of hard work inside this section. Before we try to conclude this section, let's have some fun post that we can take a break. So to have some fun, I'm going to show you some funny memes based upon the Docker concept. Are you ready to see those memes? So whatever funny memes that I'm going to show you are pulled from the web itself. I didn't create any of them. I don't have such creativity, so let's try to see them. This is the very first funny meme. Like during Corona time, someone tweeted this like, This is a docker. This is a definition of the docker. Docker emphasizes on isolation of applications inside containers so that different applications have no effect on each other. So at the end you can see they're saying, be like a docker and stay safe and fight with Corona. So you can see how act it is with the Corona situation. Many of us acted like a docker during the corona time so that the corona or the Covid won't spread from one person to other person. Are you ready for the next meme? This is one of my favorite meme. You can see there is a message like It worked on my mission many developers before Docker, they used to tell like it worked on my mission. I don't know why it is not working in dev or QA environment, but with Docker all these issues are solved because the Docker image is going to work very similarly across all the environments, like whatever way it is working inside your local system, the same way it is going to work in dev, QA and production environment. We have the next meme on the similar lines, so someone is telling it only works on my mission and it's not working in other missions. Then the Batman is saying with a slap saying that DOCK THE DAMN THING  thing, use a docker because with the Docker images you are going to package all the required dependencies and whoever is using your Docker image, it is going to work very similarly like it is working inside your mission. On the similar lines, we also have one more meme. So the developer is saying it works on my mission, but Tester never cares about that. He won the application to be working inside the QA environment. So obviously the solution for this scenario is to follow the Docker images. The next meme is containers, containers. They are everywhere. If you go to any project which is building cloud, native applications like microservices, serverless components, even streaming applications. So in all those applications, in all those projects and organizations, you will see containers everywhere. And these containers are created with the help of Docker images. Are you ready for the next meme? So here someone is trying to tell the list of instructions. Please download So-and-so Java version. Please install so-and-so server. Please install so-and-so dependencies and if you face any issues, troubleshoot issues. So this is very annoying to the developers. Instead, if you use Docker, it is going to make your life super, super easy. One more funny meme you can see it is working fine in dev, but the same when you deploy inside production it is not working and operations team. They are struggling to fix the issue in production. But when you use Docker you won't get these kind of issues because Docker will make sure your container is working very similarly in all the environments. And the similar lines. We have one more meme. It works on my computer, but the lead is telling. Yes, but we're not going to give your computer to the client. So in this scenario also the solution is Docker. Here is the next meme. When you try to follow Docker and do the deployments inside the cloud, everything is going to look very clean and powerful because the cloud servers are very big servers and they are capable of handling many containers and images running inside them. But inside your laptop where you have 8 GB Ram, 16 GB Ram, if you try to fit all your containers and images, it is going to look like this. The next meme here is so this is the position right now I'm into when someone is trying to explain about Docker. They had to put a lot of efforts. They need to do a lot of hard work. I'm assuming with all the efforts that they have put inside this section, you are clear about the Docker concepts. Right now I'm also sweating a lot because I tried to explain most of the concepts of Docker and how to generate Docker images from your microservices. The next meme is when your boss or manager tells you that we are trying to convert into microservices all the applications, they will convert their code into the Docker images and they will get their code as a container for the deployment into the cloud server. So this is one of the funny representation of containers and microservices deployment. Moving on to the next one so you can see the child is telling it works on my mission and he's telling me with a lot of sincere voice. And the man who is listening to the child, he's trying to console the child. Don't worry, we will ship your mission to the client location or we will try to fix the issue. So with all these kind of problems, finally the Docker was invented with Docker all these kind of issues are resolved and going on to the final meme. So you can see you as a developer, you always prefer Docker compared to the virtual machine because virtual machines are heavy in nature and they require a lot of cloud bill, whereas containers, they are very modern and they are very lightweight, easy to deploy, easy to scale and they offer a lot of portability. I hope you enjoyed this funny representation of Docker. Thank you, take a break and I'll catch you in the next section. Bye.