Welcome back to the new section. This section is a small theory section where we are going to discuss about the definition of cloud native applications. What are the characters of Cloud Native applications and 12 factor methodology and 15 factor methodology? These are the standards that any microservice developer has to know because by following these standards only we are going to build many concepts inside the microservice in the upcoming sections. So we are into a new section and the slides color is also changed to a new color. I will be using various colors for my power point slides background in different different sections. The purpose of this is to make sure you're not getting bored by looking at the same color of the slide and at the same time it is going to please your eyes because you are seeing different, different colors in different sections and you won't get bored or you won't feel mundane. Now coming to the question, what is a cloud native application? You might be hearing this jargon or this buzzword a lot inside your project or inside some blogs or podcasts or YouTube videos. So let's try to understand what are these cloud native applications and how they are related to the microservices. First, I'll try to provide a layman language. Like any non-technical person can understand this definitions. Cloud Native applications are the software applications that are designed and developed specifically to leverage the cloud computing principles and take the full advantage of cloud native technologies and services, which means these applications are built and optimized to run inside any cloud environments by utilizing the cloud advantages like scalability, elasticity and flexibility. In simple words, cloud native applications are built for cloud environments so that the organizations can take complete advantage of cloud provider services and technologies. Now let's try to understand the official definition of cloud native applications from the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. So if you see here, cloud native technologies empower organizations to build and run scalable applications in modern dynamic environments such as public, private and hybrid clouds. So the cloud environment can be anything, it can be it can be your own data center, it can be GCP, azure, or it can be a hybrid combination of private cloud and public cloud. Regardless of what type of cloud computing you're trying to use, your cloud native applications will work. So how this is possible is when we are trying to build cloud native applications, we will try to leverage technologies like containers, service meshes, microservices, immutable infrastructure and declarative APIs. So all these technologies make your applications to run on any cloud so you won't get vendor lock in with any particular cloud environment. On top of these cloud advantages. These techniques also enable developing loosely coupled systems that are resilient, manageable and observable. Resilient means they can withstand any failures manageable you already know they are easy to manage and observable means we'll get to know everything about our applications, how it is working, are there any issues? There is also a separate section inside this course about the observability. We'll be discussing more details in that section. So with all these new techniques, along with the robust automation, these cloud native applications, they allow engineers to develop high impact changes frequently and predictably with minimal toil. So this will give freedom to the organizations and the developers if they want to make a small change or if they want to make a small enhancement, they can do that very quickly without any defects or regression issues being introduced. Because they are all loosely coupled and it is very easy to test them to develop new enhancements. I hope this is clear to you. So if anyone asks you what is the definition of cloud native application inside an interview or inside any project, first try to understand whether the opposite person who is asking is a technical person or a non-technical person. If he is a non-technical person, please share this layman definition. Whereas if the person is a technical person, you can share the official definition from the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. I hope you are clear about the definition of cloud native applications. I'll be discussing in the coming lectures how these cloud native applications are related to the microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.