Right now we are clear about the definition of cloud native applications. inside this lecture, let me explain you about the important characteristics of cloud native applications. So whenever you see these characters for any application, then you can easily assume they are cloud native applications. The very first main character of Cloud Native application is microservice. When you are building microservice based applications, which are like loosely coupled and smaller in nature, then that gives a flexibility to you to develop them parallelly and deploy and scale independently. So this is the main advantage of the cloud native applications. So cloud native application is a broader topic and under that topic microservices is one of the important feature. After building microservices like separating your business logic, you will obviously containerize your applications with the help of Docker or any other containerization software. So what are these containers we already discussed? These are typically packaged and deployed using Docker containers. These containers provide a lightweight and consistent environment for running applications and making them highly portable across different cloud platforms and infrastructure. With the help of these containers, only the code will work very similarly regardless of which cloud environment you are trying to deploy. You take this container, you try to deploy inside your local system and you deploy inside the AWS, GCP, Azure Cloud in all the places it is going to work in very similar manner. Whereas this is not the scenario with a monolithic application. Your monolithic application won't give such kind of flexibility. You need to put a lot of efforts to bring that consistency across all the cloud platforms. The next character of cloud native applications is they provide scalability and elasticity. Since you are building your applications based upon microservices and with the help of containers, they can be easily scaled horizontally allowing them to handle any kind of traffic that comes towards your applications. So adding more instances of services is going to be super easy and this can be achieved automatically with the help of container orchestration platforms like Kubernetes. We also have separate section inside this course where I'll be showing you how automatically scale your microservice applications with the help of Kubernetes. Moving on to the next principle, these cloud native applications, they follow DevOps practices, by embracing all these DevOps principles. They promote a collaboration culture between the development and operations teams. Whenever these cloud native applications are being built, they will not be any blame game between the developers and operations team when they are building cloud native application because they are following these DevOps practices and with the help of these DevOps practices, they will incorporate continuous integration, continuous delivery and automated deployment pipelines to streamline the software development and deployment process. So these cloud native applications, they will give complete flexibility to the organizations, whether they want to do continuous integration only or whether they want to go with the continuous delivery or if they want to go with the continuous deployment as well. The next character of native applications is, they are resilient and fault tolerance in nature. Whatever applications that we are going to develop with the help of cloud native principles, they can withstand any kind of failures which will make them resilient and they will utilize techniques such as distributed architecture, load balancing and automated fail recovery to ensure high availability and fault tolerance. One example that I can give here is, think like you have a microservice by following the cloud native application principles, you will deploy this microservice in multiple locations. Even if one of the location has a downtime due to some power outage or due to some internet issue, the microservice will continue to work from the other location that you have deployed. And at the same time, for some reason, if one of your microservice instance is not working platforms like Kubernetes, they can automatically shut down that microservice instance and bring up a new instance. This way you are ensuring the failure recovery automatically and bringing fault tolerance inside your applications. Moving on to the next character of cloud Native applications, which is they utilize cloud native services to a great extent. Like I said, cloud native applications means they are developed to leverage the cloud environments to a great extent. When an organization or an application uses these cloud native services provided they don't have to focus on infrastructure because all these services will be monitored and maintained by the cloud platform provider itself. With that, the developers and the organizations they can simply focus more on the application logic and enhancing the business logic with a very less focus on the infrastructure components. Like you can see these are all the important characters of cloud native applications. Inside this course, we are going to touch all of these characters in the various sections. Whenever you see a application is following all these characters, then you can simply assume that is an cloud native application. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.