Now inside this lecture, let me try to spend a few minutes explaining you about the differences between cloud native applications and traditional apps. The very first difference of cloud native application and traditional applications is, cloud native applications will have predictable behavior, whereas with traditional applications, the behavior is going to be unpredictable. For example, inside microservice environment, if there is an issue, we can easily track that where the issue is because all your business logic is loosely coupled and separated into multiple microservices, so you can easily predict where the exception happens. Whereas inside monolithic application, since all your business logic clubbed together, you never know where the exception happens until your developer put a lot of efforts by debugging all the lines of code that you have inside your application. The next difference that we have here is cloud native applications they are not OS dependent. They will abstract the operating system, whereas traditional enterprise applications, they are dependent on operating system. This is because inside cloud native applications we are going to adopt docker containers and Docker images where they will abstract the operating system and they will work in any operating system. The next difference that we have here is, cloud native applications they are rightly sized and they are following the right capacity and they work in an independent manner. Whereas with traditional applications they are oversized capacity because you have all your business logic inside a single application or inside a single codebase. That's why most of the times traditional enterprise applications, they are dependent on each other. Moving on to the next difference cloud native applications they support continuous delivery with the help of DevOps principles and automation, whereas traditional enterprise applications, they follow waterfall development. They won't support Agile style of working inside any organization. Then the last difference that we have here is Cloud Native Application supports rapid recovery and automated scalability. Inside cloud native applications if one of the microservice instance is not working properly Kubernetes, they can automatically create a new instance and try to recover automatically and also scale your applications automatically based upon the incoming traffic. Whereas with traditional applications, since they are not going to use Docker containers, obviously they cannot rely on the platforms like Kubernetes with that reasons with the traditional enterprise applications, the recovery is going to be super slow and at the same time there won't be any automated style of recovery and scalability. From these differences It is very clear that Cloud Native application is a clear winner compared to the traditional enterprise applications. So now you agree that cloud native applications are good and that's why we are trying to learn and build microservices inside this course. But here you may have a question like do we have any principles or guidelines that we need to follow while building these cloud native applications in order to get all these advantages? Off course, there are good guidelines and principles that we can follow while building these cloud native applications or microservices. So let's try to understand what are these principles and guidelines from the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.