Now, inside this lecture, let me give you a quick introduction about the development principles or the standards that we need to follow while building cloud native applications. Many of us who is trying to build cloud native applications or microservices will have a basic question, which is how to get succeeded in building a better cloud native application or a better microservices applications. Are there any guiding principles that can be considered for the same? To answer your question, yes, we do have standards, so let's try to understand them. Back in 2012, the engineering team at Heroku Cloud Platform, they introduced 12 factor methodology. So these are the 12 different development principles that are aimed at guiding the developers in designing and developing cloud native applications. These 12 different principles under the 12 factor methodology are the result of the Heroku team expertise from many, many years building these cloud native applications. When you follow these 12 factor methodology, your applications will have advantages like ready for cloud platform deployment regardless of whatever cloud platform that you choose. You can seamlessly deploy your cloud native applications. And at the core of this cloud native applications, they are going to support scalability and elasticity. And very similarly, these cloud native systems that you are going to develop with the help of 12 factor methodology, they allow system portability, which means your applications can run across different systems and environments without any issues. And at last these applications will support continuous deployment and agility. So in the initial days, everyone are recommended to follow these 12 factor methodology. But later on, after few years since the technology is getting evolved day by day, a person with the name Kevin Hoffman, he expanded these 12 factor methodology by adding three more principles. And in his book with the name Beyond the 12 Factory app, he revised all these 12 factor methodology. And on top of that, he also introduced three more development principles. And with that, a new 15 factor methodology came into picture. And this is the most latest one right now everyone is referring to. So do you want to see what are these principles? Let's try to see the summary of these methodologies. So these are the 15 methodologies are the principles or guidelines that any developer or organization should follow while building cloud native applications. Without following these standards, they can't tell their applications as cloud native applications because they will end up with some problems since they are not following these standards. These standards are built based upon the development experience of cloud native applications. If you see first, this is the website like everyone used to refer 12factor.net So inside this website you can read all the 12 factor methodologies and if you can scroll down here, these are the 12 factors. If you can click on each of them, there is a detailed description about each of these methodologies. So don't worry, I'm going to explain them inside this course. You don't need to read all of them and digest them. I'm going to explain them in an easily understandable format. But like I said, these Twelve-Factor app is right now outdated. Like I said, Kevin Hoffman, he wrote a book with the name Beyond the Twelve-Factor App. And inside this book he added three more principles or guidelines. And with that this became 15 factor methodology. You can see the description of this book. In 2012, Early cloud pioneer Heroku developed the 12 Factor app, a set of rules and guidelines for helping organizations for building cloud native applications. It served as an excellent starting point, but as a technology changes day by day, some areas need revisiting to accommodate the current best practices this practical book expands on the original guidelines to help you to build applications that not only function in the cloud but also thrive. I hope you are clear. Like what is the difference between 12 Factor app and the 15 factor app methodology? So 15 factor methodology is the most updated one. If you attend an interview focusing on microservices, definitely there will be some questions around these 12 factor methodology or 15 factor methodology. That's why it is very important to understand these methodologies one by one. So let's try to deep dive into these methodologies and learn quickly about them. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.