Inside this lecture, I'm going to explain you the first five principles are the guidelines from the 15 factor methodology and post that we can continue the same inside the next lecture. Like you can see here, the very first principle are guideline that we have from the 15 factor methodology is one code base for one application. So this is going to be super, super simple. So let's try to understand details about it. As per these guideline, we need to make sure there is one to one correspondence between an application and its code base, which means each application are a microservice should have its own dedicated code base. Inside this course we build three different microservice. Off course, I'm trying to upload all the code related to this microservice inside a single GitHub repos, so that it is convenient to my students to access the same. But in real world we need to make sure every microservice is having its own GitHub repo or its own code base inside the versioning system. If there is any code which is common for all the microservice, then such common code should be manage separately. As a library, we can also deploy all these common code as a separate standalone service which will serve as a backing service for the other applications. Since it is possible to track each code base in its own code repository, this is going to provide a lot of flexibility and brings organization of your code in a cleaner manner. Once you have separate code base for all your microservice, please make sure, regardless of how many deployments you are doing in different, different environment, you should always make sure you are building and converting your code base into your Docker container or a Docker package or any other artifact. Only once. As per these guidelines, it is unnecessary to rebuild the code base for each environment deployment that you are going to make. Here you may have a question like you have some configurations that may vary from environment to environment, like your database details or any other details which will vary from development to QA to production. So all such configurations as per this guideline, we need to maintain outside of your code base so that they can be injected externally during the deployments into your application code base. So if you try to visualize this guideline, you can see there is a single code base for a single microservice application and the same code base has to be packaged only once and once the packaging and the build is completed, the same packaged artifact or the Docker container or the Docker image should be deployed into the development testing and production. It should not be like you are trying to generate a code base package for each environment by clubbing all the related configurations. That is not recommended because inside microservice like you know, you will have many hundreds of microservices and doing this unnecessarily for each environment will make your life horrible. That's why please follow this guideline. Now moving on to the second guideline, which is always think like APIs first, like we saw inside microservices everything we are going to develop as REST APIs. So even these cloud native guideline, which is API first, it is also recommend you to always adopt and have a mindset of API first, which means right from design of your cloud native applications. You should always think like to write as much logic as possible with the help of APIs. Only if you design and develop your business logic with the help of APIs. This will give flexibility that most of your business logic can be invoked by the other APIs or by the other microservices as a backing service, and this also provide you an advantage like different, different teams. They can work on different, different APIs. Apart from these advantages, when you follow these API first approach, it is also going to give flexibility like inside your deployment pipeline you can write some testable integrations with other systems, and if the integration and testing is working, then only you can do the deployment. On top of that, since you are going to separate all your services with the help of APIs, you can always do some internal modifications behind your API implementation without impacting other applications or teams that rely on your APIs. That's why please, please, while you are developing cloud native services or applications, always have a mindset that API first. The next guideline that we have here is dependency management. As per these guidelines, it is important or crucial to explicitly declare all your dependencies of an application inside a single manifest file and post that we should also ensure that these dependencies are accessible to a dependency manager which can download all of them from a central repository. In case of java applications like we know we have two robust tools like Maven and Gradle that follow the same standard. We as a developers, we only provide our dependencies inside the pom.xml or build.gradle and behind the scenes my build manager like maven and gradle. It is going to pull all the dependencies from a centralized repository. Once this download is completed during the packaging of our application as a Docker image or a Docker container, all the dependency libraries are going to packaged as a single artifact. By following this approach, we maintain a clear and controlled dependency management process for our application. If you don't follow these pom.xml or build.gradle and follow the very old approach like downloading all the dependencies manually and adding them to the classpath of your web application, which we used to do before Maven and Gradle. That is going to make your process super, super complex because you are not going to have a single application. You are going to have 100 different microservice. And doing all that manual setup every time inside a microservice is going to make the process complex. That's why always follow these dependency management principle. Let's try to visualize how this is going to work. Like you can see here on the right hand side, in the top there is a pom.xml. In the very first step, the developer define all his dependencies inside the pom.xml and the developer is not going to do any manual work like downloading the dependencies from a location. He's not responsible for that. He's only responsible to mention the dependencies inside the pom.xml. And the build tool like Maven is going to read this pom.xml. And inside the step two, like you can see it is going to check if the dependent jars or libraries are present inside the local Maven repository. If they are not already downloaded and if they are not present in the local repository, then it is going to check if the same dependency jar is present inside the Maven central repository. So it is going to search in that. And if there is a library, the Maven is going to download the jar and put the same downloaded jar inside the local repository like you can see in the step five. And at last during the build process or during the Docker image generation process, all the dependent libraries will be clubbed as a single fat jar or a single docker image by following the step, which is copying all the required jars into the target folder. In the case of spring boot, like we saw, all the required dependencies will be packaged into a single jar and the same jar is going to be used to generate the docker image. I hope you are clear why this is super important to follow this standard. We are already following these dependency management guidelines inside our microservice. Even the previous principle, which is first, we are already following that because we're trying to build every operation inside the microservice as an  REST api. Now let's move on to the next guideline that we have inside the 15 factor methodology. This guideline name is design, build, release, run inside these guideline, what is the recommendation is your code base has to progress from design to production by following the following stages. The very first stage is design stage. Inside this design stage, we need to determine all the required technologies and dependencies and tools for a specific application. If you are building a microservice during the design stage itself, you need to determine all the technologies, dependencies and tools needed for your microservice. So here inside these design stage, it also includes the development and unit testing. So once the design, development and testing is completed next, we need to move on to the build stage. Inside this build stage, we need to compile and package the code base with the required dependencies. By creating an immutable artifact, every build artifact should have its own unique identification number, just like how we maintain versions like 1.02.03.0. Very similarly, each of your build stage should have its own unique identification and at the same time, whatever code base package you have generated, it should be immutable. They should not be a scenario where someone is trying to change the content of the package code base manually that is not recommended. After this build stage, your code base package is going to be ready for the release stage. Inside this release stage, we need to combine the code base package with the deployment configurations based upon the environment. Suppose if you're trying to release this build package into a production environment, definitely you should combine your code base with the production related configurations like database credentials, folder structure, any server related properties or microservice related properties. So all those details you need to club and you need to prepare an immutable release component with its own unique identifier, just like how we maintain inside versioning like 6.1.5 or you can also follow the date and timestamp as a unique identifier. So inside a central repository you should store all your codebase artifacts along with the deployment configurations so that in future, if you are looking for a rollback to a specific version, it is going to make your life super, super easy. And at last, once this release stage is completed, our application along with the configuration, is ready to be deployed and run as an microservice or as an application. So that's why inside the last stage, which is run stage, we need to run the application in the designated environment using a specific release. So whenever we are following these guidelines, we need to make sure that all these stages, they are maintaining strict separation. We should not try to club them and there is no runtime code modifications are allowed to prevent mismatches with the build stage. Like once the build stage is completed, you should not do any modifications inside the code, at the runtime, inside your release stage or run stage. That will bring some mismatches between your build stage and the next stages that you have. In other words, if I use the same immutable build and release artifact, I should always get the same kind of behavior. So the reproducibility is going to be super, super easy if you follow these principle. Now moving on to the next principle that we have, which is configuration credentials and code. So what is a configuration according to the 15 factor methodology? Configuration are the elements that are prone to change between the deployments. If there is a property that is going to differ from one environment to environment, we call all these kind of properties or elements as configurations. So as per these 15 factor methodology, we should never club these configurations with our code base. We should have an ability to modify application configurations independently or without the need to rebuild the application for every environment. The examples of these configurations are like your database properties or your message system properties, credentials for accessing third party APIs are feature flags, so all these kind of configurations, they are confidential in nature and at the same time they're going to be differ from one environment to other environment. So if you take your database username and password, it is a confidential and at the same time the database credentials for dev, environment and QA environment and production environment is not going to be same. So for all such type of configurations, we need to make sure we are maintaining all of them in a separate codebase and at the same time we need to make sure we are not exposing any sensitive information while maintaining all these configurations in a separate codebase. If needed, we need to provide all the sensitive configurations by following some externalization standards which we are going to discuss inside this course. In simple words, In order to follow this principle, your configuration should not be embedded within the code or tracked in the same code base except for the default configurations. So always the default configurations can be bundled within the application. But anything that is going to change from environment to environment, we should not embedded within our code base. If you try to embed it along with the code, then you need to generate the Docker image or the code base package for every environment which is against this 15 factor methodologies. Like you can see here, first there will be a single code base which is going to hold all the business logic, which is not going to change from environment to environment. Using this single code base, during the build stage, we are going to generate a software package or a Docker image to this software package and Docker image while deploying to a specific environment like development, testing and production. We need to make sure at runtime we are injecting the configurations related to the specific environment. Suppose if I am trying to deploy my microservice into a production environment at runtime or at deployment stage, I need to provide the production related configurations. This is one of the super important principle because since you are going to have hundreds of microservices and cloud native applications, it is always recommend to maintain the configurations related to them, which are going to change from environment to environment in a separate location. Inside this course, we have a separate section focusing about this challenge and how to implement this principle inside our microservice. In the spring ecosystem, there is a separate project with the name Spring Cloud config Server, which is going to help us in implementing this guideline inside our microservice. With this, we discussed the very first five 15 factor methodologies. In the next lecture, let's try to discuss the next. set of principles or guidelines. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.