The next principle that we have inside the 15 factor methodology is logs. Inside a traditional application are a monolithic application, how the locks are handled. The application will write the locks into a file and folder location of your server. So if there are any issue comes inside your monolithic application, developers will go to that lock location. They will try to open the lock related to a specific date and timestamp and they will try to look at the locks what happened, what is the issue, what is the exception? But do you think this is going to work very similarly inside the microservice or cloud native applications? Off course not, because you will have 100 difference of microservice. If there is any issue, are you going to look and search in all the 100 different servers or in all the 100 different locations where your applications are going to write the locks? That is not going to be a feasible option. That's why as per these methodology, it is recommended that all the log routing and storage are not the applications concerned or cloud native applications are microservices they are not going to write the logs inside any log folder or inside any log location. Instead, the application will simply redirect the logs to the standard output, treating them as a sequentially ordered events based upon the time. The responsibility of the log storage and the rotation should be shifted to an external tool called log aggregator. This tool retrieves, gathers and provides access to the logs for the debugging purpose. So if you see here, there is an accounts microservice, loans microservice and cards microservice. They will simply print the logs to an standard output based upon the log statements and log framework that they use. And behind the scenes, there will be a log aggregator tool that will keep on pulling for the logs, and all these logs will be aggregated in a single location so that the developer or operations team, they can search all the logs of all the microservice with the help of this log aggregator tool. So this is one of the guiding principle. There is a separate section inside this course where with the help of a log aggregator tool, we will feed all the logs from all the microservice into that tool and we are going to search all the logs of all the microservice from a single UI log aggregator tool. So all these principles are very important and we are going to use a lot of tools and solutions to implement and achieve all these guiding principles. Now moving on to the next methodology, which is disposability inside a traditional monolithic application, making sure that a single monolithic application is always running is a top priority, and there is no room for this monolithic application to terminate or to get stopped. However, inside a cloud environment or inside cloud native applications or inside microservices, it is not going to super, super critical and necessary as well because you will have hundreds of microservices and they'll be having multiple instances running. It is really not possible to manually monitor and making sure and all these instances and microservices are running always. That's why applications in the cloud are always considered as ephemeral, meaning that if a particular microservice or a cloud native application becomes unresponsive, it can be terminated and replaced with a new instance by platforms like Kubernetes automatically and at the same time, during high load periods or during high load traffic, additional instances of the applications can be spin up to handle the increased workload. This concept of shutting down and creating new instances automatically is called application disposability, where the applications can be started or stopped as needed. But in order to make our applications disposablity and manage our applications in the dynamic environments like cloud, it is crucial to design them for quick startup when new instances are required and for graceful shutdown when they are no longer needed. This fast startup enables systems elasticity and ensuring robustness and resilience. Without these fast capabilities, performance and availability issues may arise like we discussed before, with the help of Spring boot framework and Docker containers, any microservice we can create and destroy within seconds. Whereas with virtual machines and monolithic applications, it is going to take at least 10 to 15 minutes. So that's why we are following Docker containers along with the useful framework like Spring Boot. And whenever a graceful shutdown is being involved for an application, the application should be capable of not accepting any new request and at the same time any ongoing requests should be processed successfully and then only it should exit. So this process is going to be pretty straightforward for a web applications. However, for worker process or any other type of process, it involves returning any pending jobs to the worker queues before exiting. This conveys that always graceful shutdown is also important. We should not ignore the existing requests that are being processed by a particular instance or a microservice that we are trying to shut down. When we use Docker container along with an orchestrator like Kubernetes, they are going to inherently satisfy these disposable requirement. That's why inside this course also we already started using Docker and by the end of this course, I'm also going to introduce you to Kubernetes and I'll run all our microservices inside Kubernetes cluster as well. Now moving on to the next principle, which is backing services. Your microservices may have dependency on many other external resources like database Smtp servers, FTP servers, caching systems, message brokers. So all these external resource dependencies, we call them as backing resources. So we should always treat these backing resources as attached resources so that we can modify or replace them without needing to make any changes inside your application code. For example, consider the use case of a database throughout your software development life cycle. Typically, different database are used in different stages, such as development, testing and production. We should always treat these database as an attached resource so that you can easily switch to an different service depending on the environment. How these attachment is going to work through resource bonding, which involves providing necessary information like URL, username and password of the database through externalized configurations. So once you generate a Docker image, you should not be generating the Docker image again and again whenever you want to change to your different database, instead to the same code base, you need to provide these URL information, user information and password information from an external configuration. Like you can see here, there is an app which is using local database. If needed, I can easily switch to an AWS database or any other external backing service by changing these URL details and connection details. I hope this is clear. Now let's go to the next principle that we have, which is environment parity. As per this guiding principle, it is recommended to minimize the differences between various environments of your application and also avoid any costly shortcuts. If your environments they look very similar, then your application also is going to work in a very similar manner. Just to fix some issue, if you are making some changes inside an environment by using shortcuts, then the behavior is going to be different for different, different environments. That's why this environment parity recommends to make sure all your environments are looking exactly as much as possible. When we use these environment parity, we are going to address three different type of gaps. The very first gap is time gap. Usually the time it takes for a code change to be deployed can be significant, but this methodology encourages automation like adopting CI/CD pipelines and perform continuous deployment to reduce the time between the code development and production deployment. This will make sure always your environments are looking similar and it is going to make developers life easy to perform any debugging. The next gap it is going to address is people gap. Usually developers, they create applications while platform operators they handle the deployment in production. To bridge this gap, a DevOps culture should be followed. And this DevOps culture, it promotes collaboration between developers and operators, fostering the philosophy, which is you build it, you run it. When the people gap is reduced, then there will be more coordination and collaboration, which will help to make environments look very similar. And with that, the number of issues are going to be less. And even if an issue comes since the environment are looking same, debugging is going to be easy. The last gap that this factor is going to address is tools gap. Like we discussed previously, applications can always use backing services and sometimes they can differ from environment to environment. For a microservice, a developer might use an H2 database locally, but in production they might be using PostgreSQL. This is not recommended because to achieve the environment parity we need to make sure we are using the same type of tool and the same version of the backing service across all environment. If you maintain different type and versions of backing services in different environments, then definitely the developer will code his business logic that is going to work with a H2 database and the same code base may not work for the Postgres SQL. That's why it is very important to use the same backing services in all the environments. The next factor at the principle that we have is administrative process. Many times we will be having many management tasks required to support application such as database migration, any batch jobs to clean the data or to update the data. So all these maintenance tasks and management tasks, they should be treated as isolated process. Similar to application process. The code for these administrative or management tasks should be version controlled and packaged along with the application and executed within the same environment. Many times developers, they will try to skip these administrative tasks running in the local dev or QA. For example, they don't run these batch jobs or data migrations, any maintenance tasks just to save some time and so that they can deploy the code into production quickly. But that will sometimes bring surprising results in production. That's why we should make sure these management and administrative processes are also equally important and they are treated as a separate isolated process and they are also properly tracked using versioning system and packaged along with the application and deployed in each environment where the application is being deployed. It is always advisable to consider these administrative tasks as independent microservices where they are executed only once and when they are not needed. We can discard them. If you try to put these administrative process inside your business logic, then you are unnecessarily carrying all these administrative tasks inside your microservice. Instead, if you keep your microservice business logic and these administrative tasks separately, once you are done with these administrative tasks, you can discard them so that your microservice alone can run continuously and serve its clients. Alternatively, these administrative tasks, they can also be integrated directly into the application, which can be activated by calling a designated endpoint. But it is always better to deploy them as an independent microservice. Now we are done with the ten different principles and guidelines. In the next lecture, let's try to discuss the last five guidelines and principles that we have inside the 15 factor methodology. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.