Inside this lecture, let's try to discuss the last five principles or guidelines that we have inside the 15 factor methodology. Like you can see here, the next guideline that we have is port binding. As per this guideline, all the cloud native applications should be self-contained and expose their services through port binding. When I say self-contained, an application should not rely on an external server within the execution environment. For instance, a traditional Java web application might typically run within a server container like Tomcat, Jetty or Undertow. We as a developer should manually deploy our Java code into these servers. In contrast to this, a cloud native application does not depend on the presence of a Tomcat server in the environment. It manages a server as a dependency within itself. We are already using these inside our microservices, for example using spring boot, we are enabling the usage of an embedded server where an application incorporate the server within itself instead of relying on its availability in the execution environment. Once the application is started using these self-contained server, each application is going to map to its own server compared to traditional approach where deploying multiple applications in a single server. In simple words, we should not deploy multiple applications in a single server. Instead, every application should be deployed in a separate server and even that server also should be self-contained but not external to the application. Once the application is started with its own self-contained server, the applications should expose its services to the outside world through port binding. When we are trying to start our Docker image as a Docker container with the help of docker run command, we use the port forwarding or port mapping. So using that port binding, we are exposing the microservice to the external network. Once this application is exposed at a specific port, then any other service or any other clients they can invoke my microservice and these microservices are cloud native application is going to act as a backing service for another application. So this is very common practice within cloud native systems because many applications are many microservices they want to communicate with each other. In such scenarios we should make sure we are properly exposing our microservice by following these self-contained and port binding standards. Never ever develop cloud native applications, which depends on an external Tomcat server or an external server. With such scenarios, you will end up with managing these external servers manually in all the locations where your cloud native applications and microservices are being deployed. The next principle that we have here is stateless process. We know that the cloud native applications are the microservices are developed with high scalability in mind. One of these key principles to achieve scalability is to design our applications as stateless process and adopting a shared nothing architecture. Like you can see here, there is a single microservice where it has multiple instances running. To make it more simple. Let's try to assume you have your accounts microservice. If it is receiving a lot of traffic, what you will do, you will scale your accounts microservice by onboarding multiple new instances of same accounts microservice. So all these multiple instances of accounts, microservice they should follow stateless process and they should not share anything between themselves. This is important because when the traffic is low or when an instance is not working properly, we are going to destroy it or we are going to recreate it. If the instance of a microservice is going to hold some data, there will be some data loss would occur and the business logic will be impacted. That's why our application should be strictly stateless. However, sometimes there might be a requirement where our accounts microservice or a specific cloud native service, it has to store some data or it has to store some user data. So for all such scenarios, these instances are accounts microservice or cloud native service, they should use a backing service like an data store, for example you can use a database or you can use a redis cache to store all the caching related information. This will remain your application stateless and whenever they want to store something, they can store inside the database or any other data store. Even a particular instance of accounts microservice is shut down and in future, after few minutes if a new instance Is coming up, there is no loss of information. Everything is stored inside a data store from where my new instance can read and execute the business logic. So that's why always make sure you're not storing anything inside your instance, such as user session related information or caching information, because you're going to lose all that information as soon as the a particular instance is shut down. That's why please make sure always every information is being stored inside the storage system and making your instances and cloud native applications as true stateless applications. Now let's move on to the next principle that we have, which is concurrency. We discussed that by implementing stateless applications we can achieve the scalability. But scalability cannot be achieved solely by creating stateless applications. While statelessness is important, scalability also requires the ability to serve large number of users. This means your applications should support concurrent processing to handle multiple users simultaneously. This means if you have ten different microservice instances are running inside your microservice network, they should not accept only ten different requests and a process sequentially one by one. Instead, they should be capable of processing lot of requests parallelly simultaneously to achieve this, according to the 15 factor methodology process play a very crucial role in application design. Whenever we are getting more number of traffic, which means we need more number of processes to handle such traffic. So in such scenarios we can horizontally scale our processes to distribute the workload across multiple processors on different machines. Inside Java we already have this concurrency inbuilt developed when we built our applications with the help of Java and JVM, concurrency is typically managed by the program itself with the help of multiple threads which are available from the thread pools. And whenever you are trying to scale your application, we should never follow the vertical scalability instead, we should follow the horizontal scalability. You can see vertical scalability means we are going to increase the Ram memory and CPU processes for a mission. To some extent, this vertical scalability may work, but once you reach to a maximum CPU processors and maximum Ram, then you cannot scale your applications vertically. That's why we should always follow the horizontal scalability inside the horizontal scalability. We are going to create multiple virtual machines with the same configurations like two GB Ram and two CPU. And inside these virtual machines we can create containers or we can create processes based upon our requirements. And there is no limit for our horizontal scalability. You can create any number of virtual machines and you can deploy any number of containers inside them. And usually these processes which handles the traffic of the application, they are categorized based upon their respective types. For example, all the web processes responsible for handling the Http requests. And just like web processes, we also have worker processes that execute some scheduled background jobs. So by classifying all these processes and optimizing their concurrency, applications can effectively scale and handle increased workloads without having this concurrency ability inside your application and inside your programming language that you are going to use, Your cloud Native applications or microservices. They are not going to be easily scaled. I hope this is clear. Now let's move on to the next principle or guideline that we have, which is telemetry. Inside monolithic application we will have very limited number of applications, like 1 or 2 monitoring them, understanding their logs, metrics, performance related information is very easy because you have to monitor only one server or one application or two applications or two servers. Whereas with cloud native applications or microservices, you'll be having multiple containers running, multiple services running, multiple servers will be running inside your organization. So how are you going to monitor them. For the same we have a concept called observability. So these observability is a fundamental characteristic of cloud native applications. Since we are going to have multiple applications inside the cloud it becomes essential to have access to the accurate and comprehensive data from each component of the system. If you have 100 different microservices, you should be able to access the accurate information and comprehensive information about all these microservices in a single place. So that it can enable remote monitoring of the systems behavior and and facilitate effective management, what kind of data we need for this effective management. Telemetry data such as logs, metrics, traces, health status and events. All this plays a very vital role in providing this visibility into your cloud Native applications. If you try to understand how this telemetry is derived in Kevin Hoffman's analogy, he emphasizes the significance of telemetry by comparing with the applications to the space probes. So he's trying to compare our cloud native applications or microservices to the space probes. Space probes are nothing but the satellites are the space rockets that we send into the space for research. Space organizations like NASA, Isro. They will use this telemetry data of the space probe to monitor and control remotely. The same concept applies to the cloud native applications as well. To effectively monitor and control applications remotely, we need various types of telemetry data, and these telemetry data are like detailed logs for troubleshooting metrics to measure performance, traces to understand request flows, health status to access system well-being and events to capture significant occurrences, by gathering and utilizing all these type of telemetry data, we can gain valuable insights about our applications and microservices and make informed decisions to manage them effectively from a remote location. We are going to talk in detail about what is this telemetry, how to gather all this telemetry information into a single place inside this course. So please be informed, in the upcoming sections, we are going to talk in detail about this telemetry. But on a high level, what this guideline is recommending is please make sure your applications are feeding all this telemetry information to a centralized component. And from that centralized component, we should be able to monitor and control their behavior. I hope this is clear. Now, moving on to the last guiding principle, which is authentication and authorization. So security is a very critical aspect of any software system. But many times we see that this security is not receiving necessary emphasis it deserves. So what this guiding principle is saying is, we need to follow a zero trust approach and we need to make sure every communication and every interaction within the system and within the microservice network or cloud native systems is happening by following the security standards. When you talk about security, there are many things involved apart from authentication and authorization, which is the responsibility of the developer. Apart from these authentication and authorization platforms team, they can follow Https protocol, they can have some SSL certificates, they can have some firewall protection. So all these standards also our operations team, they are going to follow. But from the development perspective, following these authentication and authorization is very important. So what is an authentication, authentication enable us to track and identify who is the user trying to access our application. Once the authentication is completed, like with the help of username and password, we can then proceed to evaluating their permissions and determine if they have necessary authorization to perform a specific action. So inside authentication will only check the identity of the end user, whereas inside the authorization that is going to happen after the authentication, we are going to validate if a specific end user have enough privileges to perform a specific action inside a application. So implementing these authentication and authorization is very important for cloud native applications and microservices. Inside this course there is a separate section focusing on the security and how to implement it inside the microservices. We are going to leverage the standards like OAuth 2.1 and OpenID Connect to enforce security inside our microservices in the coming sections. With this, we discussed all the 15 factor methodology, principles and guidelines. I'm assuming your super, super clear about all these principles. We will follow all these principles while building our microservices. Please also make sure whenever you are building microservice you are following all these guidelines and principles. Without these methodology principles, you can't call your application as a microservice or as an cloud native application. Many times you will be asked some questions about them inside the interview. Since I'm sharing all these slides with you, please have them as your reference and brush up these 15 factor methodology whenever you are going for an interview. I hope this is super, super clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in a new section. Bye.