In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about parallel computation. So in this lecture, we are going to talk about what is parallel computing when we use standard sequential approach than the programming language executes the operations one after another. So if we have, for example, a single threaded sequential machine learning related approach that downloads the data from the web then removes the invalid values from the data set, then finds a linear regression model just for demonstration purposes. And finally, it makes some prediction on a test dataset. It is a typical sequential approach. Of course, the given steps are not independent of each other. So, for example, we are not able to fit the linear regression model. If we do not have a dataset or, for example, we are not able to preprocess the dataset and remove the invalid values before downloading the data from the web. So, of course, most of the problems can be solved with the help of sequential approaches. Multi-threaded approach uses multiple threads, but these threads are executed with that time-slicing algorithm, so multithreading is used to execute independent tasks without blocking other operations. So this is exactly what we have been talking about. That, for example, if we have an application that keeps downloading data from the web, we would like to make sure that during this download operation, the application itself is not going to freeze. Or, for example, if we want to copy a huge file in our file system, then of course, we would like to make sure that during this operation, we can do other tasks. And of course, the operating system is not going to freeze because it uses a distinct thread for this given operation. So multi-threading is used to execute independent tasks without blocking other tasks. With the help of parallel algorithms and parallelisation, we can execute different tasks on different processors or processor cores simultaneously. So parallelization is used to speed up a given application. This is a typical interview question whether we can speed up a given application with multi-threading. And of course, the answer is no. The aim of multithreading is not to speed up the application itself. If we want to boost our application so we want to reduce the running time, then we have to use parallelization which means that we run the tasks on different processors or processor cores simultaneously, so multiple tasks are going to be executed at the same time. By the way, some problems are sequential by default, so we are not able to apply parallelisation OK, so if we take a look at this implementation that it is clear that what is the difference between parallel execution and multithreaded execution? This is exactly what we have been talking about in the first chapter that this is the time-slicing algorithm. If we have just a single processor and let's assume that we are using two threads, then of course, both of the operations cannot be executed at the same time because we have just a single processor. So this is why the single processor will execute the first thread for a short amount of time. then the second thread, then the first thread again, the second thread, the first thread, the second thread. This is the time-slicing algorithm. Both of the threads are going to be executed, but not at the same time. As far as parallelization is concerned, because we are dealing with multiple processors, every single thread is executed by a different processor or processor core. So the first thread is executed by the first processor and the second thread is executed by the second processor. So as you can see, these operations can be executed simultaneously at the same time. So this is the crucial difference between parallel execution and the multi-threaded execution. And of course, this is why parallel execution can speed up the running time of a given application. OK, so the motivation for parallel algorithms is that we have multiple processor cores in modern machines and computers. We can divide the problem into multiple independent subsets. This is what we are going to do when dealing with merge sort, and we can execute the operations on these subsets simultaneously. So at the same time, such as, for example, we can check prime numbers within a given interview with the help of parallelization We can do sorting such as a merged sort or quick sort with the help of parallelization. We can implement search algorithms in a parallel manner and so on. So this is exactly what we are going to do. We will divide the problem into multiple independent subsets and we are. going to assign these subsets to the independent processors, and these processors are going to execute these threads independently at the same time. On the other hand, with sequential approaches. The steps are usually depending on each other. We are not able to execute the operations independently. This is exactly what we have been talking about a few minutes earlier that if we want to download data from the web, if we want to transform these data and then we want to fit some a model such as linear regression. Then of course, these tasks cannot be executed simultaneously because if we want to pre-processed the data first, we need the data itself. If we want to fit a linear regression model, then of course we need the preprocessed dataset. So we have no other option about to use sequential approach, which means that first we download the data data, we pre-processed the data and finally, we fit the linear regression model. A typical example is numerical methods, such as solving differential equations, such as with Euler's method or Runge-Kutta method. These are typical sequential algorithms. We can calculate the next step based on the previous step of the algorithm, which means that these steps are depending on each other. We are not able to use parallelization. And by the way, it is absolutely crucial that it depends on the underlying operating system how these threads will be executed because usually on modern machines, we have several processors or processor cores. For example, all of my machine there are eight processor cores, which means that eight threads can be executed simultaneously at the same time. So if there is just a single processor core, then the time slicing algorithm executes the threads in a multi-threaded application. But if there are multiple processor cores, then the operating system may execute the threads in parallel. Despite the fact that we have implemented just the multi-strategy application. So if we have multiple threads, then the operating system may optimize our application in the sense that because it knows that it has several available processors, it will run the threads on different processor cores, which means that we may end up with a parallel execution despite the fact that we had no intention to do so. So this is why several students posed the question that why are the tasks are executed in a parallel manner despite the fact that we are using multithreading? And the answer is that the operating system may decide whether to run the threads independently on the multiple processors or using the time-slicing algorithm. OK, and finally, let's talk about that. What is the problem with parallel computing? There are two crucial problems. First of all, communication between the threads. For sequential algorithms, we measure the running time and memory complexity of the algorithms. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with data structures or algorithms, such as graph algorithms depth-first search, Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm and so on. Usually, we can describe these kinds of sequential approaches with the help of so-called running time complexities. For example, if we are looking for an unknown item in a one dimensional array, then the running time complexities is O(N) linear. If we are looking for an item in a sorted one dimensional array, then we can do you or do O(logN) logarithmic running time complexity with a binary search. But as far as parallel execution is concerned, we have to take the communication factor between the threads into consideration. This is the so-called parallel slowdown, so it is quite expensive to communicate between threads that are being executed. And this is why we will come to the conclusion that if we have a small problem than the parallel execution, we will be slower than the sequential execution. Of course, if we have an extremely large problem, for example, we would like to sort ten billion items. This is when parallelization can prove to be extremely powerful. So this is the so-called parallel slowdown. OK, so this is the first problem when dealing with parallelization that we have to consider communication factors. Then we have to consider the load balance problem. So we have to make sure to split the work evenly among the processors. You may guess that it is not always straightforward. For example, if we want to find the prime factors and this is quite crucial when dealing with cryptography over the first N integers, for example, we would like to find the prime factors of integers is 0, 1, 2 ... up to 1000. And let's assume that we have two processor cores. Means that we can run two threads simultaneously, so at the same time, then you may guess that we are going to split the original array into two halves and we will use the first thread to find the prime factors within the range zero and 500. And we will use the second thread independently to find the prime factors between 501 up to a thousand. But of course, we can come to the conclusion that finding the prime factors is harder if the given integer is larger, which means that the first thread will execute the operation faster. And this is the typical load balance problem. So, of course, the second strand will do more work, while on the other hand, the first thread will do nothing after finishing the computation. OK, so this is a crucial problem of parallelization that how to make sure to split the work evenly. Among the process source, we should make sure that the processors shouldn't wait for each other to finish every process or should do the same amount of work. And of course, it is not that straightforward. There are several complicated load balancing related approaches that are quite complicated. Anyways, these are the problems we have to consider when dealing with parallelization. In the next lectures, we are going to take a look at concrete examples such as merge sort or summing integers in a one dimensional array and so on. Thanks for watching.