So therefore, now that we know what NextJS is, let's see it in action and let's create a new NextJS project. And we do that in a slightly different way than we did it for standard React projects because we need a project that comes with NextJS pre-installed and that has a certain structure and setup that's needed by NextJS. And you'll see what I mean in just a second. You can visit nextjs.org to find setup instructions. And there, you should somewhere see a command like this, npx create-next-app, which can be executed to create a new Next project. And it's therefore this command which I will execute. Therefore, I opened up my terminal on Windows. It's simply the command prompt. And you can paste in that command here. And then thereafter add a white space, and then any project name of your choice, like first-next-app or something like this. And this will then go ahead and create a new folder and a new Next project in that folder though, first, it'll ask you a couple of questions. For example, whether you wanna use TypeScript. And whilst TypeScript is amazing, not every student knows it. And therefore, in this course, I'll not use it. I will check ESLint though. We could use Tailwind CSS for styling and amazing CSS library, but since this course here is not about styling and not about Tailwind, and I therefore wanna keep the amount of styling related code we have to write to a minimum, I'll choose no here. You could opt for an alternative project structure, which we don't need, but you should confirm the App Router if asked. So you should pick yes here. Now, last but not least, I'll choose no for this alias question. And with that, finally, the project is being created, the dependencies are being installed. And we'll soon have a NextJS project in which we can work. Now, I did open up that project in Visual Studio Code. Obviously, you can use any code editor of your choice, and I actually opened a slightly edited version of this default project that's being created. It's the same structure essentially, but I replaced the content of this app folder. And this app folder is there right from the start, even in an unedited project. But I replace the files that are in that folder with new files. And attached, you find my updated starting snapshot, also a CodeSandbox version, so that you can follow along without installing anything locally so that you can use that exact same starting state as I do. It is enough if you replace your app folder and your public folder since I also added an image in there. As well as your eslintrc.json fall since I added one rule in there with mine. The other files are the same. And with that, you can then go into your terminal in that project. So open your default terminal or command prompt and navigate into this project, or use the one integrated into Visual Studio Code, which is navigated into that project automatically. And make sure that you run NPM installed once to ensure that all dependencies are installed. On CodeSandbox, you don't need to do that. And thereafter, run npm run dev to start the development server, which allows you to preview the application. On CodeSandbox, you also don't need to do that since there, the server is already up and running. Now with that, you then see the address, which you can visit to preview the project. And if you then go to that address, you should see something like this on the screen. And that's that very basic first starting project I prepared for you. And now we can take a closer look at that folder and how that all works.