Now to add that header, I'll add a brand new component. We could of course also just add it in here in this layout file. But in order to keep this a bit leaner, I'll add a separate component and I'll actually also outsource this div here into a separate component thereafter. And therefore I'll add a new file which should store that component. And we could name it main-header.js. Now, as I also mentioned before, it is up to you where you store those component files. If they don't have any reserved name like page or a layout, NextJS doesn't care. You can add them like this or inside of a components folder, in the app folder, wherever you want. But I personally prefer to keep them out of the app folder so that the app folder is really only dealing with routing and not with those other components. But that's just a personal preference. There is this entire article in the NextJS documentation that discusses different ways of structuring Next projects. Now here, I'll keep it out of the app folder though, and therefore it's now in this main-header.js file where I wanna set up this header that should be shared across all pages. And for that in here, I'll export another React component, which I'll name MainHeader, a regular React component as you know and love it. And then there I'll return a header element like this. And in that header, I then wanna have a logo and the main navigation of this page. Now that logo should be clickable and therefore I'll start by adding a link here, using the link component provided by NextJS so that we can wrap that around the logo to make it clickable. And the idea is that clicking the logo simply takes us back to the starting page, so to this path here, but then the logo should actually be the combination of an image and some text. And therefore we can use that image element, that default image element, and then set the source to a certain image. And I wanna set it to an image which I provided as part of the starting project. There, I provided this assets folder to you. And that assets folder then has a logo PNG file, which is that logo I want to use. Now the great thing in NextJS projects, like in most React projects, is that you can simply import such an image into your JavaScript files and you'll then automatically get a path to those images. So here I'll import my logo image from, and then I'll use this alias here to refer to the root directory of my project, this at symbol, and I'll therefore import that logo from at assets. And then there the logo.png file. And that's then the source of this image, though, What's important in Next projects, unlike in many other React projects, is that you can't just assign it like this. It's that you have to access the SRC property because this imported logo in Next projects will be an object where the path to the image is then stored under that SRC property. With that, I'll also assign an alt text, a plate with food on it, sounds fitting for this logo. And that's my image. Now, I also wanna have some text next to that image. And here the name of this demo app is simply next level food. So that's now my logo. And we could outsource this into a separate component as well if we wanted to. But here I'll keep it in this main header component. Now, that's not everything though. Instead I also want to have my navigation here, hence I'll add a nav element and in there an unordered list and in there a list item. And that list item should then contain another link leading to a certain page. To be precise, a link that allows us to browse the meals that have been shared by community members. So here, it should lead to slash meals. Now, that's not the only link though. Instead I'll also add another link, which should allow us to go to the community, to the Foodies Community. And hence here, it should lead to slash community like that. That's my navigation. With that all added, and with this main header component finished, we can go back to that root layout and then there output this main header above that children slot here, so above the page content. Simply like this though, very important, you of course must import it. So here I added this import from that components folder in the root project directory. If you do that and you save everything, you should see something like this if you revisit the page, a total mess, but at least the header is there, it's there and it's working, and it's there on every page, which is amazing. And we can also go back to the starting page, but of course it's totally unstyled and doesn't look good. And that's therefore what we'll change next.