So, now that we styled this header, there's another element of this header that can be improved and that would be this image here. Because at the moment, we're simply using the regular image element for displaying this image. And that's not bad or a problem, but in NextJS, you actually got a better element for outputting images than this default image element. Because in NextJS, you have a special built-in image component, which exists to help you output images in a more optimized way. For example, by lazy loading images under the hood so that they're only displayed if they're really visible on the page. It does that automatically for you without any extra configuration. It can also simplify the process of setting up responsive images and so on. And therefore, the recommendation is to use this image component in your NextJS projects if you are outputting any image. Now, this image component has a lot of props and configuration options, and attached you find a link to the full article on this component. Though I will say that many of those props and options are really for more advanced use cases. In general, getting started with that image component and using it in most use cases is pretty simple and straightforward. And all you have to do here in this main header component is to replace the default IMG element here with the image element that can be imported from next/image. Then you need to set the source to such an imported image, but now to that overall object and not just the src property value. So I changed that src prop value therefore, because this object that's generated by NextJS, when you import an image like, this contains useful information that's used under the hood by this image component to display it in an optimized way. For example, it automatically detects the size of this image, and therefore, in its simplest form, this is all we have to do. No other setup is required. With that, if you reload, you will see the image as before, but if you now inspect it, you will see that this image element that's being rendered here has a couple of extra attributes which we didn't add. For example, this loading lazy attribute, which makes sure that the image is lazy loaded, and therefore, only loaded if it's really visible. In addition, it automatically inferred the width and height, though we could overwrite that if you wanted to. And it's generated this source set attribute here, hence ensuring that differently sized images are loaded depending on the viewport and the device we are using to visit this website. In addition, it will also automatically serve that image in the best file format for the browser that's being used by a user, so for example, as a WebP image, if you're visiting this page with Chrome. As you can see if you visit the Network tab and reload, there you'll see that this image that's being served here was returned as a WebP image, which is a special file format that is more efficient than a PNG. And you get all of that out of the box when using this image component. Now, one thing we should do here, about which we also learn here in the console, the JavaScript console, is add the priority property to this image since it will always be visible when this page loads. So lazy loading doesn't make a lot of sense here, and we want to tell NextJS and the browser that this image should always be loaded as quickly as possible to make sure that we got no unnecessary content shift or flickering when the page loads. Therefore, on this image component, I'll now also add the priority property, like this, to make sure that this is loaded with priority. With that added, if we save that and reload, the page still looks as before, but this warning went away. And that is how we can use this image component. Now as mentioned, you can definitely dive in deeper to explore all the different use cases of this component and all the different configuration options. For example, also, if you're loading images from a third party website or anything like this, here for this website, this is all we have to do.