So in order for this meals grid component to be useful and in order to see something on the screen here, we need meals. And for that I wanna set up a basic database that will store some dummy meals and that will later also store meals shared by users. And for that, I'll stop my development server here with Ctrl + C, and I'll install a new dependency with NPM install. And that dependency is the better-sql light three package. And this is a package that will allow us to work with a SQL light database. And I'll use a SQL light database here because it's an amazing SQL database that can be used locally without setting up any extra database server or any other complex setup needed. Now, in order to create a database and populate it with some dummy data, I prepared an initdb.js file, which you find attached to this lecture, and you should store that file simply in your root project directory. This file uses the package we just installed to create a new database file if it doesn't exist yet otherwise it'll use the existing one. And it then contains a bunch of dummy meals data so that we have some meals to get started, which are then written into that database that happens down here. First, a new table is created if it doesn't exist yet, and the columns of that table are configured so that every meal has an ID, which is created automatically. Every meal has a unique slug. Every meal has a title, an image, though that will be the path to an image, not the file itself. And then also a summary instructions, the name of the creator and the email of the creator. And that's all data I have here in that dummy data. And that's all data will later collect from the website visitors. And then with that table created, I have this init data function, which is then executed to write some data into that database. I'm simply writing all those dummy meals into the database. And this prepare function, which you see here, is provided by that better SQL light free package. So that's how I'm preparing the database. And with that done, once you run this initdb.js file, you should have some meals available. So here in my root project folder, I'll execute this initdb.js file with node and it should work. And you should have such a meals DB file thereafter. That is that SQL Light database that we'll use now. Now with that done, we can go back to our meals page and start loading meals from that database. And the question now, of course, is how we do that?