Now when it comes to loading data in a NextJS application, we get a couple of different options. We could fetch the data as we would do it in any vanilla React application. We could, for example, use the useEffect hook like this, and then in there use the fetch function to send a request to a backend. And on that backend, we could then reach out to that database, which we just set up and get the data from here. Now, in a NextJS application, we actually already have a backend. We have backend and frontend combined, blended seamlessly together. So we don't need a separate backend. And as you also learned in NextJS, all your components are by default server components that only execute on the server unless you're using a feature that requires them to be a client component like useEffect. But actually, because we have those server components as a default, we don't need useEffect and we don't need to send a fetch request to get data. Instead, since this component by default runs on the server and only there, we can directly reach out to the database from here. And that's definitely not something you're used to from other React apps. But that's absolutely fine in Next apps because this is a server component that only runs on the server. So reaching out to a database is safe here. Now, in order to keep things separated, I'll not write my code in here though. Instead, I'll add a new folder in my root project folder, which I'll name lib, though that name is up to you and not some kind of reserved name. But in there I'll add a new file, which I'll name meals.js. And in here I wanna write the code that reaches out to a database and gets data from that database. For that in here, I'll import SQL from this better SQLite three package. And I'll then establish the database connection by executing SQL as a function and then passing the name of the database here as a string to that function. And then we can work on this DB object to perform actions on that database. Now for that, I'll add a new exported function here, which I'll name getMeals, which should do what the name implies. It should get all the meals from that database. And for that we can now use this DB object and then prepare a new statement, a new SQL statement that should be executed. And here it's a pretty simple statement. I want to select all columns from the meals table. Then we just have to run this though, you actually don't do that with the run method here, but with the all method. Run would be used if you were inserting data, for example, if you were changing data, all is used if you are fetching data and you want to get back all the rows that are fetched by that statement. If you were looking for a single row, you could use get instead. But here it's multiple rows, so it's all, and then we just have to return this result. This also doesn't yield a promise or anything like that. Instead, you can just return it like this. But speaking of promises, it's worth knowing and understanding that even though we're not working with promises here because the better SQLite three package doesn't use them, even though we're not using them here, we could use them in our component here with ease because server component functions can actually be converted to async functions. You can use the async keyword here, something you normally also can't do on your React components, but you can do it on server components. And if you then had some code that would use a promise, you could use await here. And to simulate this, I'll actually go back to Meals.js and turn, getMeals into async function, and therefore, it will return a promise even though this code here doesn't normally produce one, but now it will be wrapped into a promise, that is what async does. And I'll actually await another promise here, which simply adds an arbitrary delay, just to simulate an action that takes a bit longer, which is something that will help us later once we explore how we can handle loading states and so on in Next applications. And this is of course not code you would normally add because you would not want to slow things down, but here for this demo app, I'll add it to add this extra delay. And this also allows me to show you that you can use async await here, of course, because it's a regular function, but you can also use it here in this component function. And that's not something you can normally do in React, but you can do it with server components. So here we can then await the call to get meals, to get the meals data, and we'll get back our meals here just like that without useEffect, without any unnecessary fetch request being sent. And with that done, we can therefore then use these meals down here where we have that MealsGrid. We can simply pass meals to MealsGrid. And with all that done, if you save everything and you restart that development server, you should be able to reload this meals page and see all those meals here. Now, just a brief note, at this point, I had a tiny error in my styles when I recorded these videos, which is why for me, the meals look the way they do on the screen. For you, they should look like this because I fixed that styling error in the attachment. Now, besides that, nothing changes. It was just a styling error. I just wanted to mention it here so that you're not wondering why you have those extra titles here and I don't have them. Now navigating to their details will work, but will not show you anything of course, because we haven't added that logic. But you can see those meals here, and that's now data being fetched from the databases and images being fetched from that public folder because that's where we're storing them. And that's in the end where the paths that are stored in the database will point to, and those images work the way they do because of that setup we got in that meal item JS file.