Now this loading.JS file, even though we're not using it anymore here is not the only other special file you can add in that app folder in your next project, because besides loading and page and layout, we, for example, can also add an error.js file, which will handle potential errors that might be generated by your pages and components, for example, if loading some data fails, and that of course could happen here if our database is offline, which is unlikely for a SQLite database, but which could happen if it would be a remote database server, or if anything else goes wrong. And to simulate this, let's simply go to the lib folder in the meals.js file and then here, let's throw an error, a new error where we say loading meals failed. Something like this, doesn't really matter. Now if I do that and I remove this error.js file again. We'll re-add it soon, but if I remove it for now, you'll see that now if we reload this page, we'll load the data and after five seconds, we'll get an error. And the error screen we see here is just a development version of this error screen. In production, this would look differently. We see this screen during development so that it's easier for us as a developer to find and fix the error. In production, this would look differently. Now therefore, it's a good idea to also add some error handling to your application. And you can do that by adding an error.js file. And in that file, you then set up a component that will be rendered by NextJS whenever an error occurs. Though, it'll only handle errors that occur in the page that sits in the same folder as this error.js file or any nested page or layout. Therefore, you could of course also add this on the root level of your application to catch any error that's cost anywhere in any of your pages. Again, you can be as granular as needed. Here, I'll go down one level so that I don't replace the entire site with my error screen, but instead only a part of that site. And here, I'll then simply output some main element with a class name of error and I'm setting this class name like this because that's not actually a class I prepared in this global CSS file, which was part of the starting project. And we're importing that globally, not as a CSS module. They offer those classes from that file can be used just like this. And then here I'll add a H1 element where I say an error occurred and then maybe some details about that error. And for that to learn more about this error, we can actually use some props here in this error page component because when setting up such a component in such a error or JS file, NextJS will pass some props to that component. Most importantly, it will provide an error prop, which can contain more details about the error. Now, the actual error message will actually be hidden by NextJS so that you can't accidentally expose any information that shouldn't be exposed to your end users. But if your error would be an object that also contains some error code or anything like that, you could use that here in this component to show a more fine tuned error message. Here, I'll simply output a generic message and say, failed to fetch meal data. Please try again later. Now, if you add that and you reload this meals page here, you'll get something strange here. You'll get another error where we learn that error.JS must be a client component. And indeed that's the case. This error component that's stored in an error.JS file must be a client component simply because NextJS basically ensures that you can catch any errors with that component, including errors that happen on the client side so after the pages were rendered on the server. That's why this directive must be added here. And with it added, you see that this goes away. If we now reload, we'll of course still get an error, but now we get our custom error page here, which you of course now could fine tune if you wanted to, but here I'll go with that and that's how we can therefore now handle errors like this. With that, of course, I'll go back to that meals.js file in the lib folder and comment out that line of code because I don't wanna throw an error, I just wanted to show you how you could handle them.