So let's now work on that Meal Details page here. For that I'll go to this meals folder and then there this dynamic segment folder, this mealSlug folder, and then there this page.js file because that is the component responsible for outputting the details about a meal. Now here I again then want to output a fragment because I want to have a header and next to that the main section as we had it on many other pages as well. Now, I also prepared some styles for this page. So attached you find a page.module.css file, which you should store next to this page.js file. And then we can import our classes from that page.module.css file so that then we can, for example, add a class here to this header, a class named header. In that header, I then want to have a couple of things. For example, I wanna have a div in there with a class of image, which will then be responsible for outputting the meal image that belongs to a meal. And we will output that image with help of the image component, which is provided by NextJS imported from the next/image package. Now we'll configure this image later because at the moment we don't have the meal yet. We'll add the logic for that soon though. The only thing I want to add already is this fill prop here, since again, I won't know the exact dimensions of the image file yet, and therefore, I'll use this fill prop as a fallback or as a solution. Then below that, I'll add another div with a class of headerText, written like this, not with a dash, but instead camel case. That's how the CSS class name in the CSS file is named. In there, you should then add a h1 element, where we'll later output the meal title. And below that a paragraph, which receives another CSS class, a class of creator, where I want to output the text by and then the name of the creator wrapped into a link. And here I'll use the regular anchor element because this should actually be a link that allows us to send an email to that creator. Therefore, the actual href value will be a dynamically generated string using this string literal syntax with those backticks here, where I'll say mailto: and then here I'll inject that email address once we have it later. And that's how we can set up a link that will open the Mail program, so that users can send an email to that person. Below that, we can add another paragraph, which also receives a class, and here the class should be the summary class, where I want to output the short summary text that summarizes a meal. And that's then this header. Of course, a lot of data is missing, but we'll take care of that soon. Now in that main section, I simply wanna output one paragraph, which receives a CSS class name called instructions. And then here, I want to output the instructions that are stored for every meal. And those should actually be output as HTML code, which can be achieved in React by targeting the dangerouslySetInnerHTML prop on an element. And it's called like this because you open yourself up to cross-site scripting attacks when outputting content as HTML content, at least if you're not validating it. Now this prop then wants a object as a value, and that object should have an __html property, which then contains the actual HTML code that should be output on the screen. Now we'll get that code later from that meal once we fetched it, but that's how we'll output it on the screen. So that this is in the end our Meal Details page without the data that we wanna output. Now, in order to have some data to output on that Meal Detail screen, we should go back to the meals.js file in the lib folder, and there we can export another async function that could be called getMeal. And here I then expect to get the slug of the meal that identifies the meal that should be fetched. Well, and then we simply wanna return db.prepare, and then SELECT all columns FROM the meals table WHERE the slug field is equal to the slug we're getting here. Now you could now add it like this, but that would be insecure. That opens yourself up to SQL injection. Instead, you should use a question mark as a placeholder here, and then call the get method here since I only want to get a single record, and then you pass the value that should be inserted for that placeholder to get. In this case that's slug, which we get here. Under the hood, this better-sqlite3 package we're using here will then protect you against SQL injection attacks. That's why you should add dynamic values into your statements like this. So that should then return a meal. So we can therefore go back to this Meals Detail page here, and now in there, call getMeal, and import that from that lib folder, and the meals.js file there. Here, we'll then get back a meal, which we can then use down there to well populate this JSX code, but getMeal of course needs that slug. And that slug is simply that part that's encoded in the URL that is caught with help of this placeholder here, this mealSlug placeholder. So how do we then get access to that concrete value that's part of the URL? With help of the props we are receiving on this page. I mentioned before that NextJS is passing some special props to these special files or to these components in those special files. And for example, every component that's stored in a page.js file will receive a special params prop, which you can, therefore, destructure. And this params prop will then itself contain an object as a value where any dynamic path segment that's configured for this route will be stored as a key-value pair. And this name you chose here between those square brackets will be used as a key and the actual value encoded in the URL will be used as a value for that key. And it is that value I need to get to look for that value in the database. So therefore, we can now pass params.mealsSlug to getMeal, and that will be that identifier that hopefully allows us to fetch a meal from the database. Now to see whether that worked, let's try outputting a title here with meal.title like this. If we do that and save everything, I don't get anything here. Now the reason for that is that getMeal actually returns a promise because I'm using this async keyword here and I added that so that we could add such a delay again if we wanted to and if we wanted to set up a dedicated loading page or handle loading in any other way. Now I actually won't do that here, and therefore, we can simply get rid of the async keyword, therefore getMeal will no longer return a promise, and therefore, now the code should work. Indeed, if I now go back, I now see that title here, which is now fetched from the database. And of course that means that we can now also output all the other data. For example, on the image, we can set the src prop here to meal.image because we'll have such a image key in the database and we're fetching that data now. The alt text can be set to meal.title. Here for the email address, we can use meal.creator_email because that's the name I'm using in a database. You can see those names if you take a look at this initdb.js file, there, I have these field names and that's what I'm now accessing here in this Meal Detail page. And the name can therefore be output by using meal.creator. Now for the summary, it's meal.summary. And for the HTML code down there, it's meal.instructions without those curly braces though. With all that done, if you now go back and reload, you should see this meal page here. Now you'll also see that this content down there is not formatted perfectly. And the reason for that is that the line breaks we got in these instructions are ignored. We can fix this by overriding meal.instructions with meal.instructions.replace, hence replacing parts of that string. And here we can then use our regular expression to look for all line breaks which are identified by this special character. Look for all of them in this string, and by then replacing them with the br tag, the line break tag. If we do that, you see that the line breaks are back, and that's now how we can load and display those meal details.