So, now that we've got this form here and we're able to pick images, it's time to make sure that this form can also be submitted, and that we then create and store a new meal when that happens. Now when it comes to handling form submissions, we could do that as we do it in most React projects. We can go to the component that contains the form and then we could add the onSubmit prop and define a function that should be executed when the form is submitted. There, we could then prevent the browser default, manually collect all the data, and send that data to a backend. But again, here we already are on the backend, at least kind of. We have a full stack application that has both backend and frontend. And that's why Next.js gives us a more powerful and convenient pattern than manually handling the form submission and collecting the data and sending it to a server. Instead, we can create a function in the component that holds the form, for example, which we could call shareMeal here, though the name is up to you. And we can then add a special directive in this function, so inside of this function body. And that's the 'use server' directive. Now, we have seen the 'use client' directive before, which however was not added inside of functions, but inside of files. And then when added there, 'use client' made sure that the components created in that file would be client components. 'use server' inside of a function is different because this creates a so-called Server Action, which is a function that's guaranteed to execute on the server, and only there. So just as components by default are server components which only execute on the server, this is now a function that only executes on a server. But in case of functions, you must explicitly state that it belongs to the server by adding this directive inside of them if you wanna create such a Server Action. In addition, to really turn this into a so-called Server Action, you also must add the "async" keyword in front of it. And now this is a Server Action. But what's now the special thing about this Server Action? Why does this feature exist? Well, this feature exists in React, by the way, not just in Next.js, but like server components, it doesn't really work in Vanilla React apps. Instead, you need a framework like Next to unlock this feature and use it. And this feature then exists because you can now take such a Server Action and assign this Server Action function as a value for the action prop on a function. So here, I'm setting shareMeal as a value on that action prop of that form here. And that's of course something you might have never seen before, because normally, the action prop is set to the path to which the request should be sent if you are relying on the browser's built-in form handling capabilities. Now that's not what we're doing here. Instead, we're setting it to an action, to such a Server Action function. And that's a pattern that's supported by Next and React here that will ensure that when this form is submitted, Next.js will, behind the scenes, create a request and send it to this Next.js server that's serving the website so that this function gets triggered, and you can then handle the form submission there, but on the server. So, that function will then execute on the server, not in the client. And this function will then automatically receive that formData that was submitted. So, the data that was gathered by the inputs in the form collected in a formData object, using that formData class that's available in JavaScript. So we'll get such a formData object here and we can then use that to handle the submitted data. For example, here, we could create a meal by extracting meal data from that form data. So we could add a title property to this meal and as a value store formData.get 'title'. This formData object that we're getting will have a get method that allows us to get the value that was entered into a certain input field, and the input field is identified by its name. So, if I get the value of the input field with the name 'title', I am getting the value of this input field here because this input field has that name, 'title'. And of course we can now do that for all the data that makes up a meal. So, all the data we're expecting in our database, like the image, the summary, the instructions, creator, creator_email, and so on. So for that here, we can also store the summary by getting hold of formData.get 'summary', extracting the data from the input field with the name "summary", get the instructions from formData.get 'instructions', and get the image from formData.get 'image'. Now, for this to work, we have to make sure that we pass the appropriate name to our ImagePicker component. And at the moment, I'm not doing that. Indeed I'm using the ImagePicker without setting either a label or a name, and I now wanna change this. So here I'll set the label to "Your image" and the name to "image", let's say. And with that, we make sure that we can extract that image with help of formData.get. Now, that will then be the uploaded file and we'll handle the storage of that file a little bit later. Now, besides that, I'll also get the creator of that meal by accessing formData.get 'name', because I'm getting that name of the person who created that meal from that name input field, so with a name of "name", so that's why I'm extracting it like this. And we got the creator_email with help of formData.get 'email', like this, and therefore that will give us that email. So with that, we create such a form object. And the next step then would be to store that in a database, though the image should actually be stored on the file system and then a path to that image should be stored in a database. But either way, the storage of this data is now the next step. But what's important to understand here is that you can use this Server Actions feature to create such a function that will be triggered when a form is submitted. And in order to see this in action, we'll not store that data yet, but instead simply log it to the console, like this. And with that, we can give this a try. If we now reload this, "Share your email page", and I then enter some data here, like this, and I then also pick an image, If I click Share Meal, and I open the developer tools before doing that, you see no log here, but you also see that the page didn't reload. So it looks like that default browser behavior, which normally would be to send the request automatically and therefore reload the page was prevented. And instead, you'll see some output here on the server side in your terminal, in that terminal where you started the development server. There you see that meal data. You see all the data I entered and that file. And again, we'll store that file soon. But with that, that's how you can handle form submissions with help of Server Actions.