And that's now it for this section. In this section, we had a in-depth look into NextJS using this App Router and you learned how you can set up routes by using the file system instead of app and by using these special file names like page.js and layout.js. You also learned about other special files like error.js for handling errors, or not-found.js for handling not found errors, or the loading js file, which I'm not using here, but which we used temporarily to show some loading state on the screen. Though you learned that you have more granular control by using suspense, which is what we then did. Now you also learned how to configure dynamic routes where some path segments aren't known in advance, like here, where we load pages for individual meals, where we don't know in advance how many meals we'll have and most importantly, you learned that all those pages in the end just export standard React components, but that those components are kind of special when using NextJS. That they are server components that are executed on the server, that are rendered on the server, therefore. And it's not just those page components, but instead all components unless you explicitly opt out of this behavior by adding this use client directive to convert a file and its components into a client component, which then is rendered on the client and which then therefore may use client side functionality like useState or handling user events. You therefore also learned that you can take advantage of those Server components by fetching data directly inside of those components. There is no need to use user effect and send requests to separate backends. Instead, you can fetch the data from right inside your Server components. And you can just fetch the data, you also learned about Server Actions, async functions that either have to use Server directive inside of them or that are stored in a file with used Server at the top. And the special thing about those Server Actions is that you can assign them as values to the action prop on form elements, either directly or as we're doing it here with help of useFormState, which is a hook provided by react-dom to handle responses returned by the Server action function and then potentially update the UI based on those responses. Like here where we are conditionally showing an error message. Speaking of updating the UI based on Server Actions, you also learned about the useFormStatus hook, which can be used to find out whether a form is currently being submitted or not, which can then be used to update the UI accordingly. Now, related to all of that, you also learned that NextJS does some pretty aggressive caching and that therefore you should call revalidatePath whenever you change some data to make sure that the latest data is fetched and represented on your pages. And you also saw that it can be dangerous if you never test your app in production mode because everything worked in development mode in our app here, but then suddenly the data was missing in production mode. So this is an important function and an important concept to understand in general. Now, last but not least, we also talked about metadata that can be added to pages, static metadata as we have it here or dynamically generated metadata. And therefore at this point you have a super solid NextJS foundation and you are ready to use NextJS with its App Router in your future projects.