So at this point, you learned a lot about working with NextJS and how you can use NextJS to build full stack web applications with React. Now, if you are visiting the official NextJS documentation, you might notice though that there they're also mentioning an alternative router you can use when working with NextJS. In this section thus far, we used the so-called App Router, which is the more modern and recommended way of building NextJS apps. But there also is a Pages Router, which is essentially an alternative way of building NextJS apps, which was the only way in the past, and which, at least at the point of time where I'm recording this, in some regards still is the more stable approach, at least in my experience. Nonetheless, the App Router is the future, but this Pages Router approach definitely has its merits. You also might be working on a project that's still using this Pages Router. Now, this Pages Router approach here is simply a different way of building NextJS projects or applications, but you will still be building full stack applications and you will still be using ReactJS. You'll just be working with a different folder structure and you'll be using some other features. Now, in the official documentation, you can actually switch between two versions of that documentation so that you can also learn all about NextJS based on this Pages Router approach, if you prefer using that. As mentioned, it was the only way of building NextJS applications in the past. And speaking of the past, I did record this section, this NextJS essentials section here in the past already when this Pages Router was the only way of building Next applications, and I decided to keep this old content around because it's still absolutely fine. Using this Pages Router is still an absolutely fine way of working with NextJS, even though the App Router is the more modern and recommended way. But for the reasons I mentioned, stability, older projects that might still be using the Pages Router, you might still want to learn about the Pages Router. That's why for the rest of this section, you will find lectures where I again teach you NextJS, but now using this Pages Router instead of the App Router. And you can of course skip those lectures if you're not interested, but you might want to take a look at them to learn all about these different versions of building NextJS applications.