So now we know about this concept of using files in the pages folder for creating routes, which then load these different components that live in these files and we also see that this server-side pre-rendering works out of the box. Now, let's dig a bit deeper into that file-based routing system though. For example, there is an important alternative you should be aware of when it comes to organizing your files and folders. We've got this index.js file and that loads the root page or slash nothing because it's the index.js file directly in the pages folder. Now, for the news page, /news, we've got the news.js file. We always have an alternative to using such a named file name. So a file named differently than index.js. We could also create a news sub-folder in the pages folder, move news.js in there and then rename it to index.js using that special index.js file name again. Now, this page would still be loaded by visiting our-domain.com/news because we're in the news folder. And that's important. Folders, which you create in your pages folder also act as path segments. And it's totally up to you whether you wanna go with news.js in the root pages folder or index.js in the news folder. Now, it does matter though as soon as you start creating nested paths, and that's what I wanna do now. If we wanna have a path that is something like news.something-important where something-important is the identifier of the specific news item you wanna load, then you need to create a file in such a sub-folder because otherwise, you can't create such a nested path. After all, we have two segments here and if we just create files directly in the pages folder, we're limited to one segment, the file name. So therefore, if we want to have such a nested path, so more than one segment, we need to create a sub-folder and then we can also create the root page for that path with index.js and then create the something-important.js file as a sibling file to index.js. So now we have two different pages that start with /news, /news/ nothing loads the component in the index.js file, /news/something-important will load the component we create in here. Now, of course, here again we could alternatively also create another nested sub-folder, something-important with the index.js file in there. That would again be the alternative to using such a named file name in the news folder. But I hope you get the idea by now. Now, with that, I could copy this code from index.js in the news folder and bring it into the something-important page here and then name this DetailPage maybe because that should be the page holding the details for a specific news item and this page would now be loaded for /news/something-important. And hence, if we save everything and we visit /news, we see The News page, and if I visit /news/something-important, then we see The Detail Page. So that's how this works. But there is still another important concept which we have't touched on yet.