Now, whilst we're not going to proceed on this DetailPage for the moment, whilst we're not going to dive into data fetching for the moment, I wanna come back to this index.js file in the news folder and talk about navigation because currently, I, of course, always enter URLs in the URL bar manually and that, of course, is not how users use our website. Instead, we have links on our website that allow users to navigate around. Hence here on this index.js file in the news page, so on /news page, we typically don't just wanna say The News Page but we might also want to display a list of news items, which are then clickable. And to do that, I'll wrap this here in a Fragment, which I import from React so that we can have a JSON JSX element. And render a unordered list here. And in that unordered list, we could have well, a list of dummy news items. For example, the NextJS Is A Great Framework article and then also the Something else article. Whatever. So we have two news items here and these should now be clickable and then lead to the newsId page with different IDs, different concrete values encoded in the URL. Now, when we wanna build a link, we typically do this by using the anchor tag. We can create an anchor element and wrap our text with that. And then here, we can encode the URL to which we wanna go. So in this case, if we wanna stay on this server, we could say we're going to /news/ and then nextjs-is-a-great-framework if that would be the identifier of this news item. And of course, this list could also be generated dynamically by mapping some array of data into JSX elements. I'm just hard coding it here because for the moment, I wanna focus on the navigation feature. So that is how we do construct a link in regular HTML and if we save this, it also will work. If I go back to the /news page here, we actually don't see that it's a link because in the globals.css file, I basically disabled the default styling that would show you that it's a link. But we can click it and if I do click it, I am taken to that detail page for that specific value. So that is working. But this is only the second best way of navigating around in a NextJS app. It works but watch this refresh icon here when I click this link. It briefly turns to a cross and then goes back to the refresh icon. This always signals that the browser sends a new request and gets back a new HTML page. And that all works but it has a disadvantage. It means that we don't have a single page application here. It means instead that we're always sending a new request to the backend to fetch a new HTML page whenever the user navigates around. And that's not our goal here. It's great that we have those pre-rendered pages so that when a user initially visits our site, some content is there right from the start and it's also great for search engines but if a user is on the page already and then navigates around on it, we wanna stay in that single page application because that allows us to preserve state across pages and give the user a better, a more reactive experience, a better user experience. That, after all, is one of the reasons for using React, that we wanna build an interactive UI where we never send a request for a new HTML page but where we instead update what's on the screen with JavaScript, with React in the end. And we're not doing this here when we create a link like this. Instead, we load a brand new page. We would lose any state we might be storing, any Redux sate or context state, all of that would be lost because we load a new page. And we simply don't have a single page application here. Therefore, to stay in that single page application, we need to create the link differently. We need to utilize a special component offered by Next, to be precise, offered by next/link. That's another sub-package which is responsible for linking and from there, we can import Link actually as a default export. So importing the default export like this. This imports the Link component from next/link and that's a special component, which we can use in our JSX code to build links. Using it is simple. You simply use it instead of the anchor tag here. So I replace a with Link. We leave the ref attribute, the ref prop because Link expects a ref prop. And that then sets the target destination of that link. It will also then by default render an anchor element. So all that will still work. Our styling will still apply. Yet, if I save and reload, if I now click this and you watch the refresh icon, you see that now this never changes to a cross. Now we instantly go to the second page and now we go there without fetching a new HTML page. Instead we are on a single page application and the visible content on the screen is actually just re-rendered by React. And that's great because that allows us to combine the best of both worlds. We have this highly interactive and reactive single page application here where we can manage and store state across pages and yet, if a user would visit this page as an initial page by just entering this URL and hitting Enter, we would also be able to return the finished HTML page here. So search engines would also see that finished page if they directly visit it. But if we were on the website already, and we just clicked the link, we stay on that single page app, we stay inside of that single page app. Because Link, this special Link component renders an anchor tag but it watches clicks on those anchor tags and if you click there, it prevents the browser default of sending a request, at getting a new HTML page. Instead, it will load the to be loaded component for you and change the URL so that it looks like you changed the page whilst in reality, you stay in that single page application. And hence, for site internal links in a NextJS application, you wanna use the Link component instead of the anchor tag component because with that, you get the best of both worlds.