Now I did prepare some components here in the layout folder in the Components folder that give our pages, a general layout and also a main navigation bar which holds some links, some list items with links. We just need to use that. Now this layout component is built such that we can wrap it around other components so that we can wrap it around our content that should be framed by that layout because layout, this component uses props children to take what's between the opening and closing layout text and wrap this component around that content. That means that we can, for example, go to the starting page, so in NextJS and the Pages folder, and we can wrap meetup list with layout. Now for this, we also need to import layout, of course. So we import layout from going up, components, layout, layout. We can add this import, and once this import was added we can wrap layout around meetup lists like this. And if we do that and save this, we get an error that link is not defined. Now we get this error because in that main navigation component, I'm using the link component but I'm not importing it deliberately because I wanted to do this together with you again. We learned about this link component and we import it from next/link. And that allows us to create those links. However, the two prop then should be changed to ref because the link component offered by NextJS wants this ref prop where we define the destination of that link. But with that changed and with that link import added, if we now save everything and reload, we got this nice navigation bar at the top here and we've got a white border around that for that go into your global styles and here in body, set margin to zero. That's something I forgot for the starting project. But if we add margin zero to body in the global CSS file then this white border is gone, and now we got this frame here and now we can also click all meetups to go to this starting page and click add new meetup to go to this page. On this page, we are, of course still missing the layout though. We only have it on the starting page. Now we want to have it on this new meetup page as well, and therefore, of course, we can always wrap layout around our content on the new meetup page to add the layout here as well. But you will probably see that, this becomes cumbersome, the more pages our application has. If we have an application with dozens or maybe hundreds of pages wrapping our general layout around all the page contents, so going into all the page components to then wrap layout around the content that becomes cumbersome, and that's now where this _app.js file becomes important. This is a special file, which exists in this Pages folder out of the box at which you could create on your own as well if it doesn't exist in which should contain content like this. This is kind of your route component. This MyApp component, which is defined in there, and that is just a regular react component in the end. This special component acts as the root component NextJS will render. It receives props and uses object de-structuring here to pull information out of the props and the information it pulls out there, is a component prop and a page prop. These props are passed into this MyApp component automatically by NextJS, since NextJS is the thing using that specific component. and component is a prop that holds the actual page contents that should be rendered. So it will be different whenever we switch a page and page props are specific props our pages might be getting, and at the moment our pages are not getting any props at all, because at the moment we have no source that would provide such props but that is something we're going to change. But with that, we now know that component here in this _app.js file will in the end be the actual page content of our different pages. And it will change whenever we navigate from page A to page B. Now, since that's the case, we can utilize this _app.js file and simply wrap this component here with our layout or with whichever wrapper you have. And we then don't have to do it inside of our different page files. So we can remove the layout wrapper from index.js here from our homepage, we can remove that and go back to just returning the meetup list and remove the layout import here and instead go to _app.js, and then here, we import layout from going up one level diving into components, layout and then pointing at the layout file. And we now wrap this component here with the layout component. And that means that our different page contents will be wrapped with this layout component. And hence, if we now save all files with all those changes, now on the new meetup page, we also got this layout applied. We got the navigation bar, we got the extra styling, which ensures that the page content does not take the entire width. And hence now on all the pages, we got this layout and we don't need to wrap it around the different page contents inside of the different page files. And of course that therefore is the way, more maintainable and convenient approach of applying general components to our application. So whenever you have some component or some setting that affects all your pages you can utilize this _app.js file to easily add that without diving into dozens of files individually.