In the previous lectures we have been talking about the fundamentals of multi-threading. We came to the conclusion that we can use sequential execution. So for example, we can download images from the web and then we can transform these images. And with sequential execution there is no problem at all because everything is sequential. First we download the images. No matter. It takes 20 minutes. The Java application waits for that given operation to be finished, and then it executes other part of the application on a line by line and method by method basis. If we use multi-threading so multiple threads and we assign a thread to download images and another thread to transform images, then there's going to be a problem. And this is exactly why we have been talking about joining threads and the join method. Because this is how we can wait for a given thread to finish execution. So with multithreading, there are additional problems that we have to solve. First of all, sometimes we have to wait for given threads to finish execution. And there is another problem that we have to solve when dealing with multiple threads. And it has something to do with memory management. So we have been talking about processes and threads that are lightweight processes. In one of the previous lectures, we came to the conclusion that we can use processes for concurrency, but it is quite expensive and slow to create processes. But because processes run in separate memory spaces, we don't have to deal with synchronization, which means that if we use processes for concurrency, it is quite easy. But of course, on the other hand, threads are faster because threads are lightweight processes, but threads of the same process run in a shared memory space. So this is the second crucial point that we have to consider when dealing with multi-threaded environment, that these threads that belong to the same process share the memory space. So first of all, let's talk a bit about stack memory and heap memory. Stack memory stores method calls, local variables, and reference variables that are pointing to the objects on the heap. Memory stack memory is smaller in size, but it is faster to access the items that are present on the stack. Memory. Stack memory exists for the lifetime of a method call, and it is automatically managed, so we don't have to remove the items from the stack memory. And what's extremely crucial that every single thread has its own stack memory. Okay. And on the other hand, heap memory stores objects and instance variables. It is larger in size but slower to access. Objects exist until they are garbage collected. So we can come to the conclusion that garbage collection has something to do with objects on the heap memory. It is not removing items from the stack memory. Garbage collection is associated with heap memory exclusively, and we can allocate memory dynamically whenever we instantiate a new object. And finally, what's extremely crucial that heap memory is shared between threads. So we can come to the conclusion that every thread has its own stack memory, but all threads share the heap memory. This is called shared memory space. And this is exactly why we have to talk about synchronization, because the main purpose of synchronization is to allow safe sharing of resources between threads. So just to visualize the problem, we have the main memory and we have the threads. In this case we have two threads. The first thread has its own cache memory and stack memory. The second thread has its own cache memory and stack memory as well. This is why if we have local variables in the stack memory of the first thread, it is not visible from the second thread and vice versa. By the way, let's take a look at a concrete example. If we create a class that implements the runnable interface, which means that we have to override the run method. Essentially, if we create a local variable within this run method, for example, we have integer number one with initial value zero. Then we have string name which is equals to cabin. If we define these variables, these are local variables. If we do something like this, then of course we can create a new thread by instantiating the thread class. And here we can instantiate a new task. So in this case we have a given thread. And the given thread has its own stack memory. And within the stack memory we store these local variables number one with value zero and name with value cabin. So every single thread has its own stack memory that can store local variables. And of course, the second thread is not able to access these local variables of the first thread because every single thread has its own stack memory. What if I create a class, for example data point? And within this data point, I have a private integer number with initial value ten. If we instantiate that given class. So I have the data point which is equals to a new data point. This object is stored on the heap memory, which means that this field variable is present on the heap memory. So it is located in the main memory, which means that all the threads can read or update the value of that variable accordingly. And this is exactly why we have to talk about synchronization. Because what if multiple threads are updating the value of that given variable? We may end up with inconsistent states because it may happen that both threads try to update the same variable at the same time, so we have to introduce some synchronization in order to maintain consistency. So we can come to the conclusion that there are two crucial problems when dealing with multiple threads. First of all, we have to wait for these threads to finish execution. And this is why we have to use the join method. And the second problem is that we have to deal with synchronization, because values on the heap memory are shared between all the threads, which means that multiple threads can manipulate the same data at the same time. So in order to achieve consistency, we have to deal with synchronization, which means that somehow we have to make sure that a given variable on the heap memory can be updated and manipulated by a single thread at a given time.