In this lecture we are going to talk about synchronization. So let's consider the situation that we have a private static integer counter with initial value zero. We have to make it static because we are going to manipulate this variable from the static main method. And what I will do is that I create public static void increment method. Of course it has to be static as well, because we are going to call this method from the static main method. And what we will do is that we increment the counter value by one. And I will create a thread t1 which is equals to a new thread. And we can instantiate a runnable interface. Or because the runnable interface is a functional interface. As you can see, IntelliJ is smart enough to replace it with a lambda expression. And we can use something like this. By the way if a given lambda expression has a body, then at least for me, it is not that straightforward that what's happening exactly under the hood. So maybe it is a bit better to use runnable interface because it is straightforward that we implement the run method. The run method doesn't have any arguments. This is why there are no parameters. And then we execute the run method essentially. And what I want to do is I want to iterate from zero up to a thousand. And of course in every iteration we increment I by one. And I would like to call the increment method a thousand times with the first thread. Of course, I would like to do the same with another thread. Then I would like to start both of these threads t1 and t2 dot start. If we call the start method of a given thread, then the underlying run method will be executed. And finally let's print out. So. System.out.println. The value of the counter. So counter value is and we append the counter. Of course, as you may guess that this is not going to be fine because we start the threads and then immediately we print out the value of the counter. But of course first we have to wait for the threads to finish. And of course this is exactly why we can use the join method. The join method throws an interrupted exception. So this is why we have to use a try catch block. And of course we have to handle interrupted exception. And I would like to wait for the other thread to finish execution. If we save and run the application, then we will come to the conclusion that something is not working fine. As you can see, the counter value is not 2000, despite the fact that we increment a thousand times with the first thread and we increment a thousand times with the second thread, but we get a value less than 2000. And if I rerun the application it is quite non-deterministic. And the reason is that incrementing a given integer, incrementing an integer, is not an atomic process. So in this case we have the first thread and the second thread. And let's assume the situation that the first thread read the actual value from the counter, which is zero. Then it increases the value by one. Then it sets the counter new value to one because this is the incremented value. But meanwhile the second thread does the same. It reads the current value from counter, which is zero. Because the first thread hasn't updated the counter yet, it increment the value by one and then it sets the counter value to be one. And as you can see, this is data inconsistency because despite the fact that both of the threads Incremented the counter value by one, we end up with one instead of two. And of course, the solution is to use synchronization to make sure that only one thread can access the resource at a given point of time. And of course, thread safety in Java is the process to make our programs safe to use in a multi-threaded environment, and synchronization is the easiest and most widely used tool for thread safety in Java. The thread will read the value of the counter, then it increments the value of the counter, and finally it updates the value of the counter. So instead of an atomic process, there's going to be multiple operations happening under the hood. And while a given thread manipulates the counter, the other thread will read the value as well. And this is why this is an inconsistent state. So what we can do is that we can use the synchronized keyword on the increment method. And if we do something like this, then we can come to the conclusion that now it is working fine. What the synchronized keyword does under the hood. That it is going to make sure that at a given time, only a single thread can have access to that given method, and all the other threads have to wait until the actual thread finishes execution of that given method. And just to get back to the previous lectures. Conclusion. This inconsistency happens because the counter variable is in the heap. Memory and multiple threads try to manipulate the same variable at the same time. And this is why inconsistency happens. So we can use the synchronized keyword to protect access to shared data in heap memory. In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about more and more complicated topics related to synchronization.