In the previous lecture, we have been talking about synchronization, and we came to the conclusion that if we use the synchronized keyword for a given method, it means that a single thread can enter that given method at a given time. And if another thread tries to execute that given method, it has no other option but to wait. So let's talk about the theoretical background that what happens exactly? Every object in Java has a so-called intrinsic clock associated with it. This is a built in mechanism. The Java virtual machine provides for synchronization. So this is the first conclusion that synchronization can happen because of the intrinsic clock. So this is how the Java virtual machine guarantees that a given code block or method can be executed by a single thread at a given time. And all the other threads have to wait for that intrinsic lock to be released. So when you use the synchronized keyword on instance methods or blocks. The thread tries to acquire the intrinsic lock of the specific object before entering the critical section, and only one thread can hold this lock at a time. Other threads trying to acquire it must wait. So what does it mean exactly? That if we have two threads and let's assume that every single thread increments a counter integer variable with the help of these four loops? So first we create the first thread. Then we create the second thread. And of course we have to start these threads, which means that the Java virtual machine executes the run method that we implemented here. And of course the run method executes the for loops accordingly. So let's assume that the first thread calls the increment method first, and under the hood it acquires the intrinsic lock. So essentially this synchronized method will be logged. What does it mean that if the other thread tries to execute the same method because it is synchronized and the first thread already acquired the intrinsic lock, it has no other option but to wait for that lock to be released. And of course, if the first thread finishes execution, then the second thread acquires the lock and it keeps executing the method itself. If the first thread tries to execute the same method because the intrinsic lock is already acquired, it has no other option but to wait. So we can come to the conclusion that Java achieve synchronization with the help of the intrinsic lock under the hood. So far, so good. We can come to the conclusion that this synchronization is quite easy. We just have to use the synchronized keyword. But unfortunately it is a bit more complicated because let's assume that we have two counter variables. We have counter one and then we have counter two. For example, the increment one method keeps incrementing the first counter and the increment two method. Keeps incrementing the second counter, which means that the first synchronized method is totally independent from the second increment method, because they keep manipulating different variables on the heap memory. Let's assume that with the first thread, we keep calling the increment one method, and with the second thread we keep calling the increment two methods. So what's going to happen when we start and wait for these threads to finish execution? We have been talking about that there is just a single intrinsic clock for a given object. And when we synchronize on a given method, essentially the thread acquires that given intrinsic clock. What does it mean that the other thread that tries to call a totally independent method is not able to do so because there is just a single intrinsic clock, so it has to wait for the first thread to release the lock and then it is able to execute this increment two method and vice versa. The first thread has no other option but to wait for the second thread to finish execution to increment the first counter. So what does it mean that our application will be slower because the threads keep waiting for each other, despite the fact that they execute totally independent operations? So the problem is that every Java object has exactly one intrinsic lock associated with it. When you declare multiple synchronized instance methods in a class, all of them compete for the same single lock. That is the intrinsic lock itself. So if the first thread holds the lock, executing the first method and the second thread trying to enter the second method on the same object must wait. Even if method one and method two are logically independent. And this is why we are going to talk about synchronized blocks in the coming lectures, with which we can solve this problem quite effectively.