In the previous lecture, we have been talking about the synchronized keyword, and in this lecture I would like to tell a few words about synchronized blocks and how to synchronize on different objects. Because as we have discussed in the previous lecture, if we use the synchronized keyword on a given method, then the thread acquires the intrinsic lock. And because there is just a single intrinsic lock, every other thread has to wait for that given intrinsic lock to be released. Despite the fact that maybe other threads try to execute totally independent methods. First of all, I would like to create another class because here we are dealing with static field variables and we are dealing with static methods as well. And I would like to talk about synchronizing static methods in the coming lecture. So this is why let's create a new class. So right click on the package Java class. We have the thread example. And here in the thread example I create a private integer counter. And essentially I copy everything such as this method. So here we have a non-static field variable which means that we can deal with non-static increment method. And we increment the counter by one. And for example we have a public void execute method. And this is where I create the threads. So here we have the two threads. We start and we join the threads. So I copy and paste. And of course we call the increment method. And then in the main method we instantiate a new example as a new thread. Example. And then we call the execute method. Okay. So this is how we end up with non-static variables and non-static methods. In this case if we synchronize on the method then we get the intrinsic lock of the thread example. And there is just a single intrinsic lock exactly as we discussed in the previous lecture. What's crucial that it is not a good programming practice to synchronize on a given method, because there may be several operations within that method that do not need any synchronization. So this is why we can create a synchronized block. We have synchronized this and this represents the thread example object. So if we do something like this it is exactly the same as we synchronize on the method. Because in both of the approach is the same intrinsic look will be acquired. Then why is it good? Because we can execute operations before the synchronized block, and we can execute operations after the synchronized block. And of course, as you may guess, multiple thread may enter that given method. The only operation that needs synchronization is when we increment the counter. So the first conclusion is that we should use synchronized block instead of synchronizing the entire method, because it gives you more control over what exactly needs to be synchronized, which leads to better performance. Because if we synchronize on the method, then all lines of the method are logged, even if only a small part actually needs protection. If we use just synchronized block within the method, it lets more threads run concurrently, improving throughput. And finally, we can choose what object to lock on. It allows multiple synchronized blocks to operate independently if they are logged on different objects. So this is exactly what I wanted to show you, that now we have full control over what is the object that we lock on. So now when we create two counters, as we have seen in the previous lecture, in this case we can create an increment one method and we are going to synchronize this. And then we increment the counter. If we create another increment method that increments the second counter. And then in the execute method we can create the threads. So we created the first thread and we call the increment one method 1000 times. Another thread calls the increment two method 1000 times. We start these threads and then we wait for them. So we call the join method on both of these threads. And because we use this essentially we are at the same situation. We get the intrinsic look. But because we use synchronized blocks we can define the object that we look on. So this is why we can create an object as lock one. And we instantiate a new object like this. And I copy and rename it to lock two. Why is it good. Because now we can lock on the first lock with the increment one method, and we can lock on the second lock in the increment two method. So what does it mean? The first thread can execute the increment one method without any problem, and concurrently at the same time. The second thread can execute the increment two method without any problem because they are looking on different objects. Of course, if they are looking on the same object, then we end up with the same situation that the threads have to wait for each other to finish execution and release the lock. But because we have fine grained control in the synchronized block over the object that we lock on, we can define independent locks. And this is why these methods can be executed by independent threads without any problem. Okay. And after that we can print out the value. So system.out.printline. Counter one and we print out counter one. Then we have System.out.print line counter two and we print out the value of counter two. So if I save and run this application, by the way, I can get rid of this and rerun the application. Then we should get 1000 for the first counter and 1000 for the second counter. So the conclusion of this lecture is that synchronizing on methods is not the best approach possible. We should use synchronized blocks instead. And then we can synchronize on different clocks. It means essentially that instead of just a single intrinsic clock of the object, we can deal with multiple locks, which means that the threads do not have to wait for each other to release the locks accordingly. Thanks for watching.