In the previous lecture, we have been talking about synchronized blocks, and we came to the conclusion that it is advisable to create newly instantiated objects as locks because instead of the single intrinsic lock, we can create as many locks as we want. By the way, this is called object level locking because we lock on a given instantiated object, or if we synchronize on this, it refers to the object itself. What if we use a public static method because it is a static method? First of all, we have to make sure that the counter is static as well, but we cannot use this. What do we have to do? We have to use thread example dot class and it is called class level locking. By the way, so far there's not much difference between the two approaches because in this case, we synchronize on the single intrinsic clock of the class. So the only difference is that here we are dealing with class level locking and we lock on the class. And if we have just a standard method, then we don't have to deal with static field variables, which means that we can synchronize on this. That is called object level locking. So far these approaches are very similar to each other. But I would like to show you a given example that what is the fundamental difference between object level locking and class level locking? Let's create a class object locking just for demonstration purposes. And we have a public void instance method. And here, just for demonstration purposes we print out the thread dot actual thread dot get name and we have entered instance method. Then we sleep for 2000 milliseconds. So two seconds. So let's surround it with try catch as usual because we have to handle the interruptedexception. And after that I copy and paste because I would like to print out that the given thread finished instance method. So if we do something like this, of course we have to make sure that it is synchronized. We can use synchronized block. But anyways this is going to be the same that we synchronize on the object. And we use the intrinsic look under the hood. Then in the main method I would like to create object one which is this new object looking. And I would like to define object two as another independent object looking instance. So now we created two independent objects based on this class. And then we have to define the runnable interface. So we have runner one. By the way we can use method reference approach. So we can use object one and we can reference the instance method. This is an extremely powerful and elegant way of defining a runnable interface. So essentially we reference this instance method. So what does it mean that whenever we execute a thread with this runnable and whenever we start the thread, the Java virtual machine will execute the instance method that we defined here. By the way, we can rename it to task one and I copy and paste because I would like to create task two. And we call the instance method for the second object, and then I create a new thread with task one and we can define the name itself. So first thread and then we can start it immediately. And then I would like to create another independent thread as the second thread. And of course we keep executing the second task. So if I save and run the main method then we can come to the conclusion that the first thread can execute the instance method of the first object, and the second thread can execute the instance method of the second object, because these are independent instances, of course, so we can execute them at the same time. But let's consider what's going to happen if we are dealing with class locking. King. So we make this method static, which means that we cannot synchronize on the object, but we synchronize on the clause. So this is class level locking. In this case we do not instantiate the given object, but we create the runnable based on the class locking. Because this instance method is a static method of this class, so we don't have to instantiate it to access that given static method. This is exactly why we have static methods in Java. We can reference that method that belongs to the class and not the object itself. So if we use something like this, then we may guess that okay, these are independent of each other. So it is going to be very, very similar to what we have seen earlier. But if I run this application, then we can come to the conclusion that first, the first thread is executed and the second thread waits for that given task to finish. And then the second thread can execute the instance method without any problem. So the lock is tied to the class object that is shared across all instances, which means that both threads call a static synchronized method, so they share the same class level lock. So the second thread has to wait until the first thread releases the lock. And this is the crucial difference between class level locking and object level locking. And this is why we can come to the conclusion that we should avoid static methods and class level locking when possible. Of course, sometimes it is not possible to do so, but usually it is possible, so we should avoid class level locking. Thanks for watching.