In the previous lecture we have been talking about synchronization. We came to the conclusion that this is how we can make sure that a single thread can execute a method or a synchronized block at a given time, and all the other threads have to wait for that given lock to be released. And we came to the conclusion that there is just a single intrinsic lock of the given class or the given object. And this is exactly why just a single thread can acquire that given lock at a given time. And in this lecture we are going to talk about whether is it possible to communicate between threads that are synchronized on the same object. So in this case there are two threads and both of the threads try to execute the same synchronized method. So essentially they are synchronized on the same intrinsic lock. And the question is that whether it is possible to communicate Indicate between these threads. And this is exactly why I would like to tell a few words about wait and notify methods. So threads that are waiting on the same intrinsic lock cannot proceed until another thread calls. Notify or notify all and the lock is released. So let's take a look at a given example. We have the first thread. We have the second thread, and we can use the wait method and the notify method to let the other thread continue with the execution. And of course, both wait and notify methods must be called from within a synchronized context, either a synchronized block or a synchronized method, and specifically on the same object whose monitor is being used. So of course the wait, notify and notify all methods are defined within synchronized context. So let's take a look at a concrete example I create a class process and just for demonstration purposes I create a method. Public void produce lets throws the Interruptedexception. Because whenever we are dealing with multithreading, most of the operations have to handle the interruptedexception. So this is why the produce method throws Interruptedexception. First of all, I would like to create a synchronized block and I can synchronized on this. What does it mean that we are going to acquire the intrinsic lock of the object. So this is object level locking. And just for demonstration purposes I print out that running the produce method. Then we can call wait. And after that I print out that again in the produce method. So first of all this weight method can be called within a synchronized block. If we take a look at the documentation. The weight method causes the actual thread to wait until it is awakened, typically by being notified or in worst case, interrupted. Let's create another method the public void consume, and it throws an interrupted exception as well. And what I want to do is that at the beginning I would like to sleep for 1000 milliseconds. So we will execute the produce method by a given thread and the consume method by another thread. So if we sleep for 1000 milliseconds and after that we create a synchronized block as well. Essentially this is how we make sure that the first thread will execute the synchronized method first. So this is why we sleep for 1000 milliseconds to make sure that the first thread enters the synchronized block of the produce method. And here, just for demonstration purposes, I print out that running the consume method and then I call notify. And after that I print out that after the notify method, call in the consume method. So if I save and create two independent threads so I have t one as a new thread. And we can create lambda expressions. And what I can do is that here I can instantiate a new class, the process itself. So we have the process as a new process. And here with the first thread we can call the process related produce method. So essentially this is the method that is executed by the first thread. Of course we have to handle the interrupted exception, unfortunately, so we have no other option but to surround it with try catch. Let's copy and paste because the second thread will be very similar, but instead of the produce method, it executes the consume method accordingly. And then I would like to start the first thread and I would like to start the second thread. Okay. So let's see what's going to happen. If I run the application. Then we can come to the conclusion that running the produce method. So this is the method that is executed by the first thread. It keeps executing the synchronized block. So essentially it acquires the intrinsic clock. It prints out running the produce method. And then it calls wait what does it mean that the first thread releases the intrinsic clock. So essentially it waits to acquire the intrinsic clock in the future. And because the other thread is synchronized on the same object, essentially it tries to acquire the same intrinsic clock whenever the intrinsic clock is available. Because of the wait method, it acquires the intrinsic clock, so it prints out running the consume method. So essentially it is printed by the second thread and then it calls notify. What does it mean if we take a look at the documentation, it wakes up a single thread that is waiting on this object's monitor. If any threads are waiting on the object, one of them is chosen to be awakened. We are going to talk about it because it is extremely crucial that one of them is chosen at random. And this is the main disadvantage of synchronized blocks and the synchronized keyword that it is rather non-deterministic. Of course, if we use just two threads and the first thread calls wait, it is quite obvious that because there are just two threads in the ecosystem. The second thread will acquire the intrinsic lock. But of course, if there are multiple threads, it is non-deterministic. What thread acquires the intrinsic lock? And of course it is a huge disadvantage because we don't want to end up with a non-deterministic code. We would like to control our application and the multiple threads. But anyways, the second thread running the consume method, it calls notify, which means that it realizes the intrinsic lock, but it is crucial that other operations are executed first. So if we call notify, it doesn't happen immediately that it releases the intrinsic lock. So the first thread can continue with the execution, but it executes all the other operations within the synchronized block. So this is why we get after the notify method call in the consume method. And then because the second thread finishes the execution of the synchronized block and it called the notify method. This is why the intrinsic clock gets back to the first thread, and it can continue the execution of its own synchronized block. So this is why finally we print out again in the produce method. So first of all let's talk about the advantages with the help of this wait and notify methods. We have direct control over thread coordination. We decide exactly when threads wait and when they are notified. It is ideal for basic producer consumer scenarios, and we can implement a variety of concurrency patterns with the help of synchronized blocks and the wait and notify methods. What about the disadvantages? There is just a single disadvantage, but it is extremely crucial. It has something to do with thread starvation and fairness. This is what we have been talking about earlier that the notify method picks a random weighting thread and there is no fairness. So the Java virtual machine cannot guarantee that the longest weighting thread gets the intrinsic look. Because the thread is selected at random, one thread may be modified repeatedly while others starve. And this is exactly why we are going to talk about more and more complicated Java related classes and objects. Because with the help of synchronized blocks, with the help of notify method and wait method, we can solve most of the problems. But it is not deterministic and we cannot guarantee fairness. Fairness means that no thread gets starved and threads get their turn in a reasonable or predictable order, and with the help of the synchronized block, the notify and the wait method, we cannot guarantee fairness. And this is exactly why in the coming lectures we are going to talk about locks and re-entrant locks.