In the previous lecture, we have been talking about the produce and consume method. And in this lecture we are going to implement the producer consumer pattern from scratch. So first of all let's get rid of everything. We have the produce method and then we have the consume method. Let's get rid of everything. And instead of process we have a shared buffer class. And here we have a list containing integer values. This is the buffer. And we instantiate it as a new linked list data structure. So first of all let's import the Java dot util dot list and linked list classes. By the way, I get rid of everything from the main method as well. This is the buffer. And what we do is that we create the first thread. The first thread keeps inserting items into the buffer. So at the beginning we insert One, two, three, four and five and then the second thread. Remove the items. We get rid of five, then four, then three, two and one, and then we end up with the empty link list. Then again the producer method keeps inserting items and then the second thread. So the consumers thread keeps removing items. And of course with the help of weight method and notify method, these threads can communicate with each other essentially when they finish the actual task. Okay, so we have the buffer and we have an integer capacity essentially that how many items we keep inserting into the buffer. And then we have a public. Of course it is a synchronized method. It is void. We have produce and it throws the interrupted exception. And what I want to do is that first of all, I show you that. What is the naive approach? We can check that if the buffer dot size is equals to the capacity, then it means that we have inserted enough items into the underlying data structure. So this is when the producer thread handles the intrinsic lock to the consumer to remove the items. So we print out that the buffer is full and producer is waiting. And we call the wait method accordingly. And otherwise what we have to do, I print out that all the items with the producer and we create a for loop integer I is equals to zero, I is less than the capacity I plus plus. So first of all we have to buffer OD and we insert the value I. And then we print out system out and print line or value, and then we print out the value that we all did to the underlying buffer that is the linked list data structure. And after we all did all the values, what do we have to do. We have to notify. So this is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture, that with the help of the notify, we can notify another thread that is waiting for the same intrinsic look to continue with the execution. So essentially this is when we release the intrinsic clock. So the crucial difference is that when we wait essentially it says that I can proceed wake me when ready. So it releases the lock immediately. It puts the thread to sleep and when notified. So essentially when the consumer calls notify it requires the lock again and continues. On the other hand when we call notify. It is like saying hey, once read you are allowed to wake up now. It doesn't release the lock immediately. This is what we have discussed in the previous lecture, that it executes all the operations in that synchronized block or synchronized method, and after that it releases the lock and the other thread can execute other operations. So this is when we wake up the consumer and then in the consumer. So we have a public of course it is synchronized. Void consume. And what do we have to do. We have to check that if the size of the buffer. So buffer size is smaller than the capacity. It means that the consumer still has to wait because the consumer keeps adding values. So buffer not full yet consumer waiting. And in this case we call the weight method. And of course we have to throws Interruptedexception because wait throws Interruptedexception. So this is why we have to do so. So essentially this is what's happening here. If the size of the buffer is equals to the capacity it means that the underlying data structure. So the buffer is full. So this thread has to wait. And of course the consume method related thread has to wait if the buffer is not full. Because in this case the producer has to add more items. And if it is not the case, it means that the buffer is full. So the consumer removes the items one by one so while the buffer is not empty. So this is why we use the exclamation mark buffer not empty. We remove a given item so we have the buffer dot remove and we remove the first item that is quite a fast operation with linked list data structures. We can do it in constant running time complexity. I print out just for demonstration purposes that consumer removes, and then we add the item that we remove. And just for demonstration purposes we sleep for 300 milliseconds. And after that we call notify. Because of course whenever the buffer is full, the consume related thread finishes execution because it executed the operation. So it calls notify that wakes up the producer related thread and it keeps adding the items again. Okay, so that's all about the shared buffer. And then we create a class consumer that implements the runnable interface. And we have a private. We have the shared buffer that is the shared buffer. And of course in the constructor. So consumer. And here we have the shared buffer shared buffer. And we set the shared buffer to be the shared buffer accordingly. And then we have the run method. This is what we have to odd because this run method belongs to the runnable interface. So this is why we have to override it. And here in an infinite while loop what do we have to do. Essentially we have to call this dot shared buffer dot consume. And then we have to sleep. So thread dot sleep for some time for example 500 milliseconds. And of course unfortunately we have to use a try catch block because of the interrupted exception. So what I do is that I cut the while loop. And here within the try catch block, this is where we call the consume method. Then we sleep. And that's all about the try catch block. Okay, so this is what the consumer class does. So this is going to be an independent thread. And then I copy because this is going to be very very similar. But instead of the consumer we have a producer and we have the producer here we get the shared buffer. And instead of the consume we call the produce method. And then in the main method we have a shared data which is equals to a shared buffer. Of course we have shared buffer. And this is a variable of course. Then we have the first thread. So we have t one. It is equals to a new thread. And we have the runnable interface. So new producer that implements the runnable interface. And we have to define the shared buffer. Of course we have to create the other thread That is the consumer. So we have the consumer here. And finally we have to start the first thread and we have to start the second thread. So if we save and run the application then we can come to the conclusion that the producer and consumer keeps adding the items. It works fine, but because the capacity has an initial value zero, essentially nothing's going to happen because the producer is not going to add any values to the buffer and because there's no values. This is why the consumer cannot get any values. But if we set it to be five and we rerun the application, then as you can see we insert five items with the producer and then we remove the five items with the consumer. Then again we add the values with the producer and remove all the values with the consumer and so on. So this is how we can implement a producer consumer pattern with the help of synchronized keyword. The wait and notify methods. And I guess it is quite straightforward what's happening exactly under the hood. If the buffer is full because the size is equal to the capacity, the producer calls, wait, which means that the consumer can acquire the intrinsic lock, which means it can remove all the values. And on the other hand, if the buffer is not full, then of course the consumer calls the wait method because the producer has to insert the items one by one. And after that, with the help of the notify methods, both of the threads can release the intrinsic lock and they can allow the other threads to finish execution. In the next lecture, I would like to show you that why it is advisable to use a while loop instead of an if statement when dealing with the wait method.