In the previous lecture we have been talking about the producer consumer pattern. And in this lecture we are going to talk about why it is advisable to use a while loop instead of an if statement when dealing with the weight method. And by the way, if you are familiar with Joshua Block effective Java, then this is exactly what he advises to do. So this is Joshua Block's approach okay. So instead of checking with the help of an if statement, what we can do is that we can use a while loop while the buffer size is equal to the capacity we have to call. Wait. You may pose the question that why do we have to do so? Why do we have to check it multiple times? Which means that the wait method may be called several times. And by the way, this is exactly what we have to do here, that instead of the if statement, we can use while the buffer size is smaller than the capacity, we can call the wait method, which means that it may happen that the weight method is called multiple times. Okay, so why do we have to use a while loop instead of a simple if statement? When a thread calls the weight method, it really uses the intrinsic clock and enters the object's weight set. Later, when another thread calls, notify or notify, all one or more waiting threads may wake up. However, only one thread gets the lock after being notified and because all waiting threads are unconditionally woken up with notify all, a thread may be woken up spuriously. So without a real notify I'm not sure whether it is clear or not, but because whenever we call notify, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture. That this is the main problem with the synchronized keyword, that whenever we call notify from a thread that has the intrinsic lock, it realizes the intrinsic lock, and the Java virtual machine wakes up a thread that is waiting for this intrinsic clock at random. So here we have just two threads, which means that the consumer thread is the waiting thread. But what if we have multiple threads? In this case, we do not know for certain what thread will wake up. So if multiple consumer threads are waiting and one producer thread calls notify or notify, all multiple consumers may wake up, but only one gets the lock and continues. The others re-enter the wait state after rechecking the condition in the while loop. This is exactly why we have to use a while loop, and this is exactly what happens here in the produce method, as well as in the consume method. And this is again an extremely crucial disadvantage of the synchronized approach that it is non-deterministic. We don't know what thread will wake up and will get the intrinsic lock. Finally. And this is why, instead of just a single if statement, it is advisable to use the while loop and whenever the thread wakes up for no reason. So spuriously without real notify. Essentially it checks again whether the size is equal to the capacity and if it is true, which means that the buffer is full. Essentially, we know for certain that we have to wait for the other thread so the consumer to insert more items. And this is the same in the opposite direction with the consumer. So if this thread wakes up spuriously again it checks whether the buffer size is smaller than the capacity, which means that we still have to wait because the producer has to insert more items. And because of this non-deterministic feature of the synchronized keyword. This is why in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about better approaches for synchronization, such as reentrant locks.