In the previous lectures, we have been talking about the synchronized keyword and the wait and notify methods. And of course, we have been talking about the limitations of this synchronized approach. First of all, there is no Trylock method. So you can't attempt to acquire the lock with a timeout or non-blocking check. We will come to the conclusion that this is exactly why we can end up with deadlock situations. Because when we use synchronized blocks, the threads that are trying to acquire the intrinsic lock will wait indefinitely for that given intrinsic lock. On the other hand, with locks and re-entrant locks, we can try to acquire the lock with a timeout, and after a given time, the thread is no longer trying to acquire that given lock, which means that the thread is not going to be blocked indefinitely. Then another problem is that we cannot interrupt threads that are trying to enter a synchronized block. So a thread blocked on a synchronized lock can be interrupted. Then another extremely crucial problem is that there is no fairness control. So there is no way to ensure first in first out order for the threads that are waiting to acquire the same intrinsic lock. And finally wait and notify methods are not as flexible as condition. We are going to talk about it later. So this is why a bit better approach is to use locks and re-entrant locks. By the way, lock is the interface that defines a more flexible locking mechanism than the synchronized keyword. And of course reentrant lock is the concrete implementation of the lock interface. It is called re-entrant because the thread that holds the lock can acquire it again without getting blocked. By the way, this re-entrant feature is true for synchronized methods and synchronized blocks as well. So for example, if we have a synchronized method, this is the method A that calls method B and method B is another synchronized method. You may come to the conclusion that there's going to be some problem, because the thread that acquired the intrinsic lock because of the synchronized keyword for the first method, is essentially waiting for itself to release that given lock to be able to acquire it again. But this is not the case because these locks are re-entrant by default. And by the way, as you may guess, it is exactly the same if we use nested synchronized blocks. So we synchronized on this and then the thread tries to enter another synchronized block that uses the same intrinsic look of the object. It is possible without a deadlock because locks are re-entrant in Java. So if a thread already holds a lock and it tries to acquire the same look again, it will succeed immediately without blocking. As you may guess, if Java's synchronized were not re-entrant, the above examples would cause a deadlock because the thread would block waiting for a lock it already holds. So this is why in Java there are re-entrant locks, so the thread can acquire the same lock multiple times without any problem. And this re-entrant look implementation has the same behavior. So these are re-entrant locks by default. There are several crucial methods of this re-entrant lock class such as Trylock method. It tries to acquire the lock without blocking. On the other hand, if a thread tries to enter a synchronized block or synchronized method and the lock is held by another thread, it will wait indefinitely until the lock becomes available. So this is a fundamental difference between the two approaches that with synchronized blocks the thread will wait no matter what it is going to wait until the lock becomes available. With reentrant locks, we can try to acquire the lock without blocking. This is the trilogue method. Then we have the lock Interruptible method that allows a thread to be interrupted while waiting for the lock. It is not possible with the synchronized approach. And then there is the new condition method that creates a condition object for more advanced thread coordination. It is similar to wait and notify, but it is way more powerful. Then I would like to tell a few words about fairness. So whenever we instantiate a new re-entrant look, we can define a boolean value. True or false? If it is true, it means that the look is fair. So the first thread will be served first if the boolean value in the constructor is false. This is when we end up with unfair looks. This is the default value by the way, and it means that there is no guaranteed order. So again, it will be very similar to a synchronized block that essentially when multiple threads are waiting for the intrinsic lock, then the Java virtual machine is going to handle the intrinsic lock to a given thread at random. This is why there is a non-deterministic behavior when dealing with synchronized blocks. And by the way, usually we use the boolean value. True Because we would like to allow fairness. By the way, what are the advantages and disadvantages? If the Boolean value is true, which means that we are dealing with fair re-entrant locks, then threads acquire the lock in the order they requested it, which means that we eliminated the non-deterministic behavior of synchronized blocks, because now the order in which the threads acquire the lock is well defined. Of course, this is how we can prevent starvation of threads. And of course, there is slightly slower performance due to the overhead of maintaining a queue, because of course we have to store all the threads that are waiting for that intrinsic lock to be released. So there is an additional data structure under the hood that we have to handle. This is why if we set the boolean value to be true, then we end up with slower performance. So we have to use fair locks when we want predictable behavior and we want to avoid thread starvation. By the way, if you may post the question that what is thread starvation? It means that a given thread is waiting for the intrinsic lock to be released indefinitely, and the Java virtual machine always handles the lock to another thread. And this is why the given thread that is waiting for that lock indefinitely will starve. If we use fair locks, we can avoid this thread starvation. What if we set this boolean value to be false so we end up with unfair locks? In this case, threads can jump the queue if the lock is available when they request it. So again we end up with a non-deterministic behavior. We are not sure what thread will acquire the intrinsic clock. It is random. It may result in higher throughput due to fewer context switches, but some threads may starve. So again, it is a simpler solution because we don't have to use a CPU under the hood in order to store that. What threads come first? We don't care about the order, so we don't have to deal with context switches. But of course it may happen that some threads starve because the order is not guaranteed, so we have to use it when performance is more important than fairness or starvation is unlikely. Okay. In the next lectures we are going to talk about how to use re-entrant locks. But as you can see, there are several advantages and there are several features of the re-entrant lock class with which we can eliminate all the disadvantages of the synchronized block approach.