In the previous lecture, we have been talking about locks and re-entrant locks, and in this lecture let's take a look at a concrete example. Let's assume that we have a counter private static integer counter. The initial value is zero. And what I want to do is that I would like to create a method public void increment. And of course we increment the counter by one. And what we can do is that if we create the first thread. So thread one. And of course we can use lambda expressions. Then we iterate starting with zero I is less than 10,000. Just for demonstration purposes. And of course in every iteration we call the increment method. And of course because we call the increment method from the static main method, this is why we have to make sure that it is static as well. So this is the first thread. And then I would like to create another thread that does exactly the same. It calls the increment method 10,000 times. And of course, as you may guess, we have to use some sort of synchronization because multiple threads are calling the same method at the same time. So if we start the first thread, then we start the second thread. Of course we have to wait for these threads to finish execution. So this is why we have to call the join method. So let's surround it with try catch. And let's wait for the second thread to finish execution. And then we print out that the counter value and we append the counter itself. So if we save and run the application, of course, as we expect, there's going to be some problem because multiple threads are calling the same method at the same time. And whenever we increment an integer, it is not an atomic process, so we can use synchronized. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, but we can use looks as well. So we can create a private look. Look as a new reentrant look. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture. That look is the interface and reentrant look is the concrete implementation. We can define a boolean value. True or false. The default value is false, which means that we don't care about the order of the threads. But usually we are dealing with fairness. So this is why the fair boolean value is true. By the way, we can take a look at the documentation. Look implementations provide more extensive logging operations that can be obtained using synchronized methods and statements. They allow more flexible structuring, may have quite different properties and may support multiple associated condition. Objects. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture. And of course, the re-entrant lock is the implementation of the lock interface. And as you can see there is the boolean fair parameter. Exactly as we have discussed in the previous lecture. And what we can do is that we can use lock dot lock of course, because we use the re-entrant lock from a static method. This is why we have to make sure that it is a static variable. And after the crucial operation that must be synchronized, we can use lock unlock. So if we save and rerun the application it is going to work fine. So with the help of the lock method, the actual thread acquires the lock. And if the lock is not available, then the current thread becomes disabled for thread scheduling purposes and lies dormant until the lock has been acquired. And of course, with the help of the unlock method, the thread releases the lock. Okay, this is exactly what we expect, by the way, it is not the best approach possible to use reentrant locks, because what if there is an exception during the operation that we want to synchronize? Okay. In this case it is quite a simple operation. We increment the value of an integer. But of course in real life scenarios there may be more complicated operations that we want to synchronize. So this is why a better approach is to use a try catch block. And in this case there is no exception that we have to catch. So I use finally. And what I do is that I lock in the try block. Of course we increment the counter here. And then in the finally block I call the unlock method, which means that no matter what happens, no matter what exceptions are thrown, the finally block will be executed and we call the unlock method, which means that the intrinsic lock will be released for sure. So this is a bit better approach to handle lock and unlock methods. And by the way, I would like to show you an extremely powerful feature of re-entrant locks. We can create another method public static void unlock. And we can call lock dot unlock here. And here we just call the unlock method. So what does it mean that essentially we can unlock in other parts of the application as well when we use a synchronized block. So when we use synchronized this of course because we are dealing with static method, we have no other option but to use the class level lock. So lock example dot class. And if we use a synchronized block like this then we do not manually unlock. So the lock is automatically released when the synchronized block finishes, you cannot unlock from a different part of the application. On the other hand, when we are dealing with locks, we must explicitly call unlock method to release the lock so we can call unlock in different part of the application. Because the re-entrant lock object tracks which thread acquired the lock earlier. By the way, it is a crucial feature of re-entrant locks, but usually it is not advisable to do so because it is hard to debug when the lock is released. So the best approach is to use lock unlock. Here I just wanted to show you that technically it is possible to unlock in different parts of the application, so re-entrant locks are extremely flexible. So that's all about reentrant locks. In the next lecture we are going to talk about the producer consumer pattern with re-entrant lock.