In this lecture we are going to talk about the producer consumer pattern, but with the help of re-entrant logs. So I have already created this first thread, another thread I have already implemented, starting this thread and joining this thread. Of course we have implemented this code several times, so I suggest copy and paste the same code from a previous implementation. So we will have two threads. And what's crucial that we will have a class worker just for demonstration purposes. And we have several field variables. First of all the private lock lock interface. And we will instantiate it as a reentrant lock. So reentrant lock. So first of all let's import the Java.util.concurrent related lock. And of course we have to do the same with the reentrant lock. And we don't have to define the fairness parameter to be true because of course the default value is true. Okay. So this is how we can instantiate a new lock. And of course we can create a new condition as the condition which is equal to the locked new condition. So first of all, let's import java.util.concurrent locks related condition. And of course, you may guess that what is this new condition? It returns a new condition instance that is bound to the lock instance. What's crucial that we are not able to call the wait and notify related methods? In one of the previous lectures, we have already implemented the producer and consumer pattern with the help of wait and notify. So we have been calling the wait method and notify method. What's crucial that we are not able to call these kinds of methods on the lock. So this is why we need an independent condition. But as you can see the condition has something to do with the lock instance. So first of all we have a public void produce. Of course it throws an interrupted exception. And we will do approximately the same with consume. So instead of produce we have a consume. Okay, so this is the producer and this is the consumer. So what do we have to do. The produce is going to lock on the lock which means that it is going to acquire the underlying lock. It prints out so System.out.println. That this is the producer method. Then we have to call the condition dot await. So this is very similar to what we have seen as the wait method. So this await method causes the current thread to wait until it is signaled or interrupted. So this is how we will handle the lock to the other thread. And of course whenever the consumer handles back the lock to the producer method, this is when we will continue with the execution of the producer method. So we print out, I copy and paste it again the producer method. And what about the consumer? First of all, we want to make sure that we start with the producer. So this is why we will sleep. So thread dot sleep for two seconds. So 2000 milliseconds. Because we would like to make sure that the producer method will acquire the lock first. Then we will try to acquire the lock in the consumer method. And if it is possible to acquire the lock we print out that consumer method. Then we sleep for three seconds. So 3000 milliseconds. And then we will do something very very similar to the notify. So what do we have to do. This is why we have the condition and we have the signal. The signal method wakes up one waiting thread. So what does it mean. We start with the producer. If we call await. This is when we hand the execution to the consumer method. It is going to acquire the lock. It prints out consumer method. It sleeps for three seconds. And then it calls the signal method. That's going to hand back the execution to the previous thread. And of course we have to make sure that we unlock. So whenever we call the lock method we have to call the unlock method again. So this is why we have to make sure that in both the producer and consumer methods, we unlock the lock, which means that the given thread will release the given lock. Okay, so what do we have to do? We have to instantiate the worker as a worker new worker. And then we have to make sure that we call worker dot produce. So this is going to be the producer. And of course we have to surround it with trycatch in order to catch the Interruptedexception. So I copy and paste it here. And instead of the produce we call the consume method. So this is going to be the consumer and this is the producer thread. And after that we start the threads and then we wait for them to finish with the execution. So if we save and run the application sorry for that. The worker is already defined. So here we have the clockworker. Sorry for that because we have already defined the worker class in some of the previous lectures. So if we do something like this, then I guess it is going to work just fine if we save the application, as you can see, producer method, then consumer method, and then we get back to the producer method again. So this is what we can achieve with the help of await and with the help of the signal method. This is going to be very similar to what we have seen in the previous lectures. When dealing with the wait and the notify method, the await method is going to handle the execution to the other thread, and the signal method is going to notifies the first thread. So it is going to wake up the first thread that has something to do with producer. So this is why we get producer method, then consumer method, and then again the producer method. So this is how we can achieve producer and consumer pattern with the help of logs and conditions. Thanks for watching.