Long back when we are discussing about Eureka Server, we discussed about client side discovery and the load balancing that is going to happen at the client side. Inside this approach, all the microservices inside our microservice network, they are responsible for registering themselves with the service registry like Eureka during the startup. And similarly they should also unregister whenever they are shutting down. And apart from registering and unregistering my microservices, they should also send a regular heartbeat to the Eureka Server to prove their healthy status. In this kind of setup, our environment. Whenever a microservice wants to communicate with another microservice within your microservice network, then in such scenarios the microservice, which is trying to communicate with other microservice, it has to first connect with the Eureka Server to get the all the running instances of other microservice. Think like my accounts microservice want to communicate with the loans microservice. In this scenario my accounts microservice will ask the Eureka server what are the details of the loan service. How my Eureka server will know the details of the loans Microservice Because all the loans microservice instances during the startup, they will register themselves with the Eureka server along with their details like host name, port number and other instance details. So this is going to happen in the step one like you can see now in the step two where my accounts microservice is trying to ask Eureka Server like please give me the details of the loan service as a response to the step two inside the step three, my Eureka server is going to give you all the IP address or the instance details of the loans microservice and think like my Eureka server has given two IP address details where my loans microservice is available. So with these two instance details of loans microservice, my accounts microservice is going to have a problem. The problem is it has to decide which instance, it has to forward the request. So that's why it is going to do the load balancing with the help of spring cloud load balancer and after the process of load balancing, it is going to choose one of the instance details and to the same the request is going to be sent in the step four. So inside this approach you can see the client microservice or the accounts microservice is itself is responsible for the load balancing. That's why we call this approach as client side load balancing and client side service discovery. We can follow this approach, but this approach has some disadvantages. The disadvantage is the developers they have to manually maintain the Eureka server. They have to create a spring boot application. They have to convert that as an Eureka server post that they should also make changes in all the microservices to connect with the Eureka Server, to register their details with the Eureka Server. So they have to make some good amount of configurations. So this extra burden on the developers can be avoided if we follow the server side service discovery and server side load balancing. But this approach has an advantage which is with the help of client side load balancing the client application is going to have a complete control on the load balancing. Inside Spring Cloud Load Balancer, there are many strategies that the client applications can follow to perform the load balancing, whereas if you go with the server side service discovery and server side load balancing, you are not going to have any control on the load balancing. But the server side discovery and load balancing is going to provide an advantage, which is you don't have to make any changes inside your microservices. They don't have to register themselves with the service discovery like Eureka Server. So let's try to understand more details about the server side service discovery and the load balancing. We can follow the server side service discovery and load balancing only if we are using Kubernetes cluster for our microservices deployment. If you are not deploying your microservices into Kubernetes, then you cannot use this approach. Inside this approach, there will be a service discovery inside your Kubernetes cluster, which is responsible to monitor all the application instances and maintaining the details of them. Like you can see here in the step one, my Kubernetes discovery server, unlike Eureka, this server does not require the applications to explicitly register with the server. Instead, the Discovery server itself uses the Kubernetes APIs to fetch details about the Kubernetes services and endpoints of all the microservices. So inside this scenario I have given loans example. So my Kubernetes Discovery server is going to query Kubernetes API to fetch all the details of the loans microservice instances. Now coming to the client side story like think like the accounts microservice want to communicate with the loans microservice in this scenario. So whenever we are following service side discovery and load balancing the client application at the accounts microservice, they don't have to connect with any discovery server. They can simply send the request to the Kubernetes service using the service name at the host name or DNS name exposed by the Kubernetes. Behind the scenes, this Kubernetes service, which you have created with the help of cluster or load balancer service types, it is going to work with the Discovery server. Both the Discovery Server and Kubernetes service, they are going to decide on the load balancing and choose one of the instances of loans microservice to which the request from the accounts microservice is going to be forwarded. So here it is very clear that the load balancing is going to happen at the server side, which is inside the Kubernetes cluster and the client application at the client service, which is accounts microservice, It does not bother about any load balancing and it don't have to register or it don't have to connect with any discovery server like we followed in the Eureka Server approach. So this approach has some advantages and disadvantages. The advantage is the developers are freed from all the maintenance of Eureka Server manually and at the same time making configuration changes or establishing connection between all the microservices with the Eureka Server. So all those changes the developer don't have to do because right now the responsibility will be with the Discovery server to fetch the details of the running microservices instances. So that is one of the advantages that we have coming to the disadvantage the only disadvantage with this approach is, the clients application are the developers will not have any control on the load balancing. We as a developers are the client microservice. We can simply forward the request to the service URL and the load balancing strategy or algorithm is completely decided by the Kubernetes cluster, so I hope you are clear about the server side service discovery and load balancing. Inside this section, I'm going to show you how to establish server side service discovery and load balancer inside our Microservice network. In the same process, we can get rid of Eureka Server inside our microservice network. So there are no good and bad approaches. So you can choose one of them based upon your own business requirements. But it's my responsibility to show you both approaches. The first approach, which is client side service, discovery and load balancing. We already discussed during the discussion of Eureka Server. Now, since we have good understanding around Kubernetes cluster, let's try to implement this approach also so that you will be clear about server side service, discovery and load balancing. I hope you are clear about the agenda of this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.