To get started with the server side service discovery and load balancing inside Kubernetes cluster. We need to take help from one of the spring cloud project. The project is Spring Cloud Kubernetes. So inside this page you should be able to see a project with the name Spring Cloud Kubernetes. You can click on that. And this is the project which is going to help you to set up Discovery Server whenever you are using Kubernetes inside your production deployments. We are going to use libraries from this project only to set up the server side service discovery and load balancing. By default your Kubernetes cluster is not going to have any service discovery and service registration server. So it is our responsibility to set up some service Discovery server inside Kubernetes, just like how we did for Eureka Server. So to get started around this, there is a blog which is written by the Spring Cloud Kubernetes team itself. They have written this somewhere in 2021 when they first released these service discovery and registration capabilities inside this spring Cloud Kubernetes project. Inside this blog, they clearly highlighted what are the steps that we need to follow to set up that Discovery server inside Kubernetes cluster. So here you can see they have given a Kubernetes manifest file that we can use to set up these Discovery server inside the Kubernetes cluster. So I'm going to use the same and I'm going to make few modifications to this manifest file before I try to install these inside my local Kubernetes cluster. So let me try to copy these manifest file and post that I'll go to my workspace location inside my workspace location here I'm going to create a new folder with the name section_17. Because right now we are in the 17th section. So inside this folder I'm going to write all the code that we are going to discuss. Inside this section 17 folder, I'm going to create one more folder with the name Kubernetes. Inside this Kubernetes folder, I'm going to create a Kubernetes manifest file that is going to help us to set up the Discovery server inside Kubernetes cluster. Let me create the new file by going to the terminal. Here I'm going to run the command, which is touch and what is the file name. The file name is going to be kubernetes-discoveryserver.yaml post that I'm going to open the same. As of now, you can see this is an empty file. I'm going to paste the content that we have copied from the Spring Cloud Kubernetes blog. Like you can see this is the content. So let's try to discuss all this Kubernetes manifest file content. So here at the starting they have mentioned the API version, V1 and the kind as list. So whenever you define kind as list inside your Kubernetes manifest file, you can create any number of Kubernetes objects under these items. The very first item that they are trying to create is of type Service object. That's why they have mentioned kind as service under the metadata labels app and they also gave a name to the service, which is spring-cloud-kubernetes-discoveryserver. Now under the specification ports, the port that it is going to expose to the other microservices is 80, whereas it is going to start internally at the port 8761.. And the service type is ClusterIP. That's why it is not going to create any issues for my Keycloak server because as of now we are also exposing our Keycloak server at the port 80 with the load balancer. But since this service type is ClusterIP, they should not be any issues for my keycloak service. Now, after this service they are also trying to create a service account. So the service account name is going to be Spring Cloud Kubernetes Discovery Server to this service account. They are trying to do the role binding. We all discussed what is this service account role, bindings and roles previously. So with the help of this role binding, we are going to bind a role to the service account. That's why under the role ref, you can see we have mentioned the subjects and the subjects we have mentioned the kind as service account and this is the name of the service account. And what is the role that we are trying to bind here? The role that we are trying to bind here is namespace reader. If you can scroll down, there is an object created of type role with a name as namespace reader. Inside this role we have defined the roles that this particular role is going to have whenever it is going to be binded  to the other service account. So it can query the API groups, it can query the resources with these verbs, it can get the details, it can list the details, it can watch the details. So it has only read access here. But here, under the resources, they only give access to the service and endpoints. And this blog is written somewhere in 2021 and this might have worked at that time, but right now, based upon my research, it is not working because apart from services and endpoints, we should also give access to read details about the pods. So that's why we need to make sure we are making this change inside this file compared to what we have copied from the official blog of the spring cloud kubernetes. After making these role bindings, the next item that we have here is of type deployment. And that this deployment details, first, we are trying to provide some metadata information post that under the specification we are trying to mention what are the match labels for the application. Now under the template specification, we are trying to bind a service account for this deployment. So the service account that we have created previously is Spring Cloud Kubernetes Discovery Server. Post the service account details under the containers, we are trying to define a name for the container. After the container name, you should be able to see the image details. So this is the image that we should use whenever we want to set up Discovery server inside Kubernetes cluster. So basically this Spring Cloud Kubernetes team, they built a spring boot application which is going to act as a discovery server inside your Kubernetes cluster. We as a developer, we don't have to build any application like Eureka Server manually. We can simply leverage this Docker image, which is built by the Spring Cloud Kubernetes team and set up the Discovery server inside our Kubernetes cluster. But here there is a tag name that they have mentioned, which is 2.1.0-M3, but this might have been pretty old version. So let me look for the latest version and tag names. Inside the Docker hub, like you can see, this is the place where we can identify all the tags related to the spring cloud kubernetes discovery server. So here, if I can scroll down, I should be able to find a stable version. So let me scroll down, let me scroll down and here I have a stable tag name, which is 3.0.4. So I'm going to use the same. So let me copy this value and mention the same here. And with that, we are going to use the latest image of Kubernetes Discovery server. Now, after the image details, you can see there is a image pull policy. So with this policy we are telling please pull the image only if it is not present inside the local system. After the image pull policy, they also define the readiness probe and liveness probe. So this is how we need to define the readiness probe and liveness probe whenever we are using Kubernetes. So long back, I explained about what is readiness and liveness and how to check for these probes using Docker compose file and health checks exposed by the spring boot actuator. The same paths that they are trying to use like actuator health readiness and actuator health liveness. So please note that. So in future, whenever you want to define readiness and liveness probe, you can follow this format. But the reason why I have not defined these for our individual microservices is I'm good without defining these values because like I said, Kubernetes is capable of restarting my pods multiple times if they face any issues. Whereas inside the Docker compose environment, if my container is not able to start the docker compose is not going to restart again. Since I have an advantage with Kubernetes, which is going to take care of restarting multiple times and try to set up my pod based upon my replica count, I should be good even if I don't define the readiness probe and liveness probe. And at last, under the ports mapping, they have mentioned the container port as 8761. . But if you try to install this Kubernetes manifest file, you may face some issues. The reason is by default, your readiness probe and liveness probe they are going to check for these health details within a very short period of time, like 10s or 20s. Within that short period of time, if you are Discovery server is not started, your Kubernetes is going to attempt a restart and every time it will try to restart and within the short period of time, if your application is not starting, it will again try to restart. So this will be a continuous loop. That's why to be on a safer side, we need to provide more configurations here. These configurations we need to mention just under the Http get like you can see, the two configurations that I have added is initial delay, seconds and period seconds. So for these initial delay seconds, I have passed a value which is 100, which represents 100 seconds. So with this, my Kubernetes is going to wait for the 100 seconds before it tries to perform the readiness probe very first time. I'm sure that Discovery server is going to start within 100 seconds. But if I don't mention these values by default, my kubernetes is looking for the readiness probe within 10s or 15 seconds, and with that it is trying to restart multiple times. So to avoid that, I'm giving some longer duration, which is 100 seconds. If these 100 seconds is also not working for you, try to increase this to 150 or 200 seconds and post that I have mentioned that period seconds. So what is the purpose of this period seconds. With the help of period seconds, we are telling to the Kubernetes cluster, please validate the readiness probe every 30s like initially it will try to perform the initial readiness probe after 100 seconds based upon my initial delay seconds. So think like after 100 seconds, my readiness probe gave a success response. And with that, my Kubernetes is not going to be satisfied. It want to regularly check the readiness probe of your application. So if you don't provide these periods, again, your your Kubernetes is going to check for the readiness probe every five seconds or 10s. So instead of that short period, we can define our own duration, which is 30s. So let me define the same values under the liveness probe also so that my liveness probe will not fail. So with this we should be good in the next lecture, let's try to set up that Discovery server inside Kubernetes with the help of this manifest file. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.