Finally, all my microservices started successfully inside the Kubernetes cluster. Now is the time to test the changes that we have done related to the Kubernetes Discovery server. So to get started with the testing behind the scenes, I have created a client inside the keycloak with the name easybank-callcenter-cc. And for the same, I also assign the required number of roles. Inside the postman, first, let me try to get the access token by clicking on this get new access token. So I got a new access token and I will use the same. Here if you see the URL that I'm trying to invoke is create API available inside the accounts microservice. So this is going to create a new account inside one of the instance of accounts microservice part. Please note that I hope you remember that we created two replicas of accounts microservice and both of them is going to have their own in-memory H2 database. So the plan is first, I'm going to create an account by invoking this URL. Post that we can try to fetch the account using the fetch API and during the same testing we can easily see how the load balancing is going to happen behind the scenes. So first let me try to create the accounts. For the same, I'm going to click on the send button, so it is going to take few seconds since this is the first request. Finally I got an output saying that account created successfully. Now I will try to invoke the fetch API available inside the gateway server. Let me look for the fetch API here. So this is the right URL which I can use. So localhost:8072/easybank/accounts/api/fetch and what is the mobile number. So let me check what is the mobile number that I have considered to create a new account. So the mobile number that I considered here is, this is the one like which is ending with 88. So the same I need to use inside the fetch API as well. So here you can see first I'm going to send a request and I'll get an output saying that so-and-so account is created. This is perfect. So let me try to keep invoking the same API at some point of time, my Kubernetes, which is responsible to the load balancing, is going to forward for one of the accounts instance where the account is not available inside the internal H2 database and that will confirm the load balancing is also working fine without any issues, even after making the Discovery server changes. So let me click on the send button. I got a successful response. Let me click on this again and keep trying to send the request, at some point of time I'm getting an not found error. So if you are not getting these not found error, there is a good chance that your Kubernetes cluster is maintaining the sticky session. So what is sticky session? So whenever a request is coming from the same client using the same IP address from the same server or from the same system, it is always going to forward the request to the same pod, which initially it processed the request. So if I keep sending the send button, I'll keep getting the not found always because my Kubernetes is trying to remember the details of the client who is invoking this API. This is one of the great advantage that you will have with the Discovery server. Maybe what you can do is if you want to see the response from another pod, please take some time like 1 to 2 minutes time. Post that you can try to invoke the API by using the browser in an incognito mode. So let me try to do the same. So inside my browser I'm trying to access it. As soon as I access, I'm getting an response this time. This means my Kubernetes Discovery server is also playing a smart role here so that always the request from the same client is forwarded to the same pod as long as the client is making request very frequently. So that's why if I keep refreshing this page, I'm always getting the response from the same pod. Maybe now I'll go to the postman, Here I'll try to send the request. This time you can see we are getting the response from the other pod. So this confirms the load balancing and the Kubernetes discovery server is working perfectly fine. I hope you are clear. So there are some good advantages with the Kubernetes Discovery server. You are going to give a lot of free time to the developers where they don't have to maintain the Eureka Server and your microservices also, they don't have to register themselves during the startup and they don't have to send the heartbeats regularly. So it is going to be the responsibility of the Discovery server to monitor and track the all the running instances inside the Kubernetes cluster. But please note that with this approach you will not be having any control on the load balancing. If you need a control on the load balancing, then you need to go for the client side load balancing with the help of Spring Cloud Load Balancer and Eureka Server. I hope you are super, super clear. With all the discussions that we have done inside this section. Please take some time to understand all these details. As a next step, I'm going to push all the s17 related Docker images into the Docker hub, and at the same time I'm going to check in these section_17 folder into the GitHub repo for your reference. So if you have any questions, feel free to refer the code inside the section_17. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next section bye.