Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section, we're going to talk about a new challenge that we may face while building microservices. So do you want to know what is the challenge about let me try to reveal the same. This challenge is about the container orchestration. Before I try to explain what is this container orchestration? First, let me try to give details about what is orchestration. Like you can see here in the image there is a music orchestration going on. And inside this music orchestration, there are many musicians who are trying to play the music. If you have so many musicians playing at the same time, sometimes it may create some issues. People should know when to stop or when to start again or when to pass the playing. So to give such commands, we'll be having a person with the name conductor in the center of the stage. Like you can see there is a person standing with a stick and he's trying to give instructions to the musicians like who has to play next. Inside the picture, you will be able to see easily that few musicians as of now, sitting ideally without playing. Based upon the instructions given by these person, the musicians will accordingly play the music whenever needed. So this person who is controlling all these in between, we call him as an conductor. So the same concept of orchestration is inspired even inside the microservices as well. With this quick introduction about what is an orchestration inside music events. Now let's try to understand what is container orchestration. As of now, you are aware that we are trying to build lot many microservices and in the same journey, first, we are building spring boot applications and the same application we are trying to package it as a Docker image and post that with the help of Docker server we are converting these images into running containers so that we can access all our microservice applications. As of now, inside the course we built maximum of 6 or 7 microservices, but in real production applications, sometimes you may have more than 100 microservices. That means you may have more than 100 different containers running inside your production server. So whenever you have such kind of large number of containers inside your organizations, we need a component that is going to take care of container orchestration. So just like how conductor inside the music orchestration is controlling the Latvian musicians Very similarly, we need a component which can control our containers based upon the requirements that we have. So I hope you are clear with this. Like what is container orchestration? I'm going to tell you what is the product or component that is going to help us in doing the container orchestration. But before that, let me try to ask few questions which will give some clarity on why should we take care of container orchestration inside our microservice network? The very first question is how we are going to automate the deployments and rollouts and rollbacks. Inside microservices we should try to automate as much as possible because inside microservices we are going to deal hundreds of applications, whereas with monolithic, there is only one application. So even without automation, you can easily survive inside the monolithic application. Whereas when you try to move to the microservices, you should try to automate each and every task, like doing deployments, rollouts and rollbacks. I know you might be familiar with the deployment, but let me try to give what is a meaning of rollout and rollbacks. Whenever you try to make some changes or whenever you try to build a new version of your microservices, you need to push them or deploy them into the production server. When you try to do that deployment, bigger organizations, they cannot afford a downtime. So in such scenarios they will go with an option of rollout. So as part of this rollout, they are going to replace the containers one by one with the latest Docker image. Think like for accounts microservice you have three Docker containers running inside the production. With the help of this rollout, we can first try to create a new container with the latest Docker image. Once the new container is available, then only we can terminate the previous running containers. So this will avoid any downtime that organizations may face while doing the deployment. And on the similar lines, think like when you roll out a new feature or a new Docker image into your containers, you face some issue. There is a bug identified in the production server. In such scenarios, you should also have a flexibility of automatic rollback to the previous running version of the Docker image in case of any issues. So how we are going to achieve all this automatically. So that's a very first challenge that we will try to solve with the help of container orchestration. Now moving on to the second question, how are you going to make your microservices as self-healing capable? That means if one of the microservice container is not responding properly or it is responding very slowly, you need to have someone to regularly perform the health check on these running containers and take an automatic decision by killing the containers, which is not responding properly and replacing them with a new containers. So how you are going to build these self-healing capability inside your microservice network? And the last question that I have around container orchestration is, how are you going to make your services auto scaling? So what is scaling, when are we seeing the increase of the traffic that is coming towards our application? We can try to onboard more number of containers or more number of servers. So that is vertical scaling. But doing that manually for each and every microservice is going to be a super, super impossible task. So that's why we need to look for options on how to do auto scaling of our microservices. Based upon the CPU utilization or other metrics of the running containers. We should be able to automatically take a decision whether to scale up or scale down the running containers. For example, let's take an example of Netflix. Usually there will be a lot of traffic to the Netflix on the Friday night, on the Saturday and Sunday. So during these days the Netflix should automatically scale their number of microservice instances or applications so that they can stream the content to their customers without any issues. And similarly, there can be sudden spike in traffic sometimes, maybe due to some long weekend or due to some holiday in between of the week. So all such scenarios Netflix should be able to automatically handle that by increasing more number of microservices at runtime with the help of auto scaling. Very similarly, we should also able to perform auto scaling on our microservices. So how we are going to do that, that's a challenge here. So to answer all these challenges or questions, we are going to use one of the container orchestration product. So let me try to reveal the solution here. The solution is Kubernetes. I know you might have heard about this Kubernetes lot many times, but you may not be clear like what exactly Kubernetes is going to do inside microservices. As a microservice developer, it is very important for you to understand what is Kubernetes is capable of, what is Docker is capable of. Without knowing about all these frameworks and products, you cannot really claim yourself as an microservice developer. Off course, in real projects you are not going to be responsible to handle the Kubernetes, but as a developer you should have some basic knowledge on Kubernetes so that you can perform your job in a more better manner. That's why inside this course, I decided to talk about Kubernetes as well in detail. I'm going to share you lot many good information that you need to know as a developer. So what is a Kubernetes? Kubernetes is an open source container orchestration platform that is capable of automating the deployments, rollouts, scaling and managing all your containerized applications. This Kubernetes is originally developed by Google, and later on they open sourced it and right now it is being maintained by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. I hope you are clear with the challenge that we are going to focus inside this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.