In the previous lecture, I told you that we are going to use Kubernetes as an container orchestration product. Now, inside this lecture, let me try to give you a very quick introduction about what is Kubernetes. Like, we know Kubernetes is an open source system for automating the deployments, scaling and managing the containerized applications. It is the most famous orchestration platform that is available as of now in the market. And one more advantage of Kubernetes is it is cloud neutral. If you have Kubernetes cluster set up inside your local system or inside AWS, GCP, Azure, regardless of wherever you set up, the Kubernetes concepts are going to be similar. That's why we can call Kubernetes as a cloud neutral. And this Kubernetes, like I said, it was developed and open sourced by Google. Somewhere in 2015, Google decided to open source their one of the internal project that they have developed over 15 years. With these Kubernetes concepts only behind the scenes, Google tried to run their majority of the products like YouTube, Google Photos, Gmail. So many of the Google products leverages these Kubernetes kind of technology behind the scenes within the Google. And since this Kubernetes has a lot of potential, around 2015, Google decided to open source it so that other organizations can also benefit from this framework. Off course the name is not Kubernetes. When they used within the Google, when they tried to open source the internal product to the outside world, then they gave this name, which is Kubernetes. So since this Kubernetes helped Google to run their internal applications for more than 15 years, we can confidently say that that these products can help any organization and any amount of traffic. Because there is no application in the world that is receiving more traffic than Google products. That's why immediately, as soon as this is released to the open source, many organizations, they have adopted this inside their microservices deployment. So how this Kubernetes is going to help you is, it is going to help you to run distributed systems, resiliently distributed systems like cloud native applications or microservices. It is capable of taking care of automated scaling and handling the fail over for your application, providing deployment patterns that will assure zero downtime for your applications. So apart from these advantages, Kubernetes is also capable of to act as a service discovery agent and provide load balancing. When we are discussing about Eureka Server, I said with the help of Eureka Server, we are doing client side load balancing, whereas with the help of Kubernetes we can get rid of Eureka Server and we can hand over the load balancing to the Kubernetes. And with that we are going to use server side load balancing. I'm going to show you how to get rid of Eureka whenever we try to use Kubernetes Inside Microservices network in the coming sections. And apart from service Discovery agent and load balancing, Kubernetes is also capable of performing container and storage orchestration. So with the help of Kubernetes, we can control any number of containers along with their storage requirements. And this Kubernetes is also capable of automated rollouts and rollbacks like we discussed. It also provides self-healing. And on top of that, with the help of Kubernetes, we can also configure properties and secrets that are required for our microservices. And at last, I want to share you the information on how these name of Kubernetes is given to these framework. The word Kubernetes originates from Greek. Inside Greek language, the meaning of Kubernetes is helmsman or pilot who is going to handle the ship. That's why we have this logo for Kubernetes. So whenever you see this logo, please note that that is related to Kubernetes, just like how helmsman control the entire ship on how to navigate the same. Very similarly, with the help of Kubernetes, we can control all the containers that we have inside our microservice network. In real world, how the containers are going to be carried in a ship, in a ship all our containers will be moved from one place to other place. And how the ship is going to be controlled with the help of helmsman or ship captain. So with that real world example, since we are going to control the containers that are developed with the help of Docker or any other containerization technology, this Kubernetes name has given to this project or product. Sometimes people may call these Kubernetes in short form as K8 s, so this is the short form representation of Kubernetes. So how this short name, if we try to see the number of letters between the initial letter K and the last letter S inside the Kubernetes, there are going to be eight characters. So that's why this name came into picture, which is K8S. So any time you see the short name inside any blog or website, please note that they are referring to the Kubernetes product. I hope you are clear with this quick introduction about Kubernetes. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.