Before we try to make our hands dirty by deploying all our microservices into a Kubernetes cluster. First, let me try to explain you What is the internal structure of Kubernetes? What are the components inside Kubernetes that are responsible to do the magic of automated deployments, rollouts, scaling and many other advantages provided by the Kubernetes? Whenever I say Kubernetes, we are talking about a cluster. So what is a cluster? Inside cluster will have set of servers or virtual machines which are going to work together to deliver a desired output to the end user. So very similarly inside Kubernetes cluster also we will have various servers or virtual machines which are going to work together to make our microservices always running properly without any issues. Here you may have a question like why should we go with a complex setup of Kubernetes cluster? Can't we deploy all our microservices with the help of Docker compose alone? It's a very good question. We cannot deploy all our containers with the help of Docker compose. Whenever you are using Docker compose, you are going to deploy all your containers inside a single server. But in real production applications you may have hundreds of microservices. We cannot deploy all our hundreds of microservices with the help of Docker compose in a single server. Instead, we want to build and multi distributed environment where we can deploy our microservices in various servers are nodes inside a cluster. On top of that, your Docker or Docker compose is not capable of automatic deployments, rollouts, scaling. So that's why we need to leverage Kubernetes, which is a container orchestration. Here I have a meme for you. Like you can see, containers don't solve all problems. If you try to build your microservices only with the help of containers and dockers, this is what is going to happen. Because there is a lot of manual work involved. If you use only containers and docker inside your production environment. Now let's go back to our discussion around Kubernetes internal architecture. Like I said before, usually a Kubernetes cluster will have multiple nodes. Whenever we are talking about a Kubernetes cluster, your Kubernetes cluster will have two types of nodes. The very first one is Master Node, which is responsible to controlling and maintaining your entire Kubernetes cluster. Apart from Master Node, we also have worker nodes inside Kubernetes cluster. Like the name itself, Self-explanatory. These worker nodes are responsible to handle the traffic that we get towards our microservices. First, let's try to understand in detail about Master Node. Inside your master node, there is going to be a very good component, which is Kube API server. This Kube API server is going to expose some APIs using which anyone from outside Kubernetes cluster they can interact with the master node and using the same API server only the master nodes and worker nodes they are going to communicate with each other. So like you can see here on top of this slide, there are two approaches that we can follow whenever we want to interact with the Kubernetes cluster. The very first one is using admin UI of the Kubernetes. The other option is by using the kubectI CLI. So from your CLI terminal you can execute some kubectl commands and these commands will be input to the Kube API server. So with the help of Yaml configurations you can always provide some instructions to your Kubernetes cluster saying that I want so-and-so microservice to be deployed with so and so replicas with so and so docker image. So all those details we can provide as an input details inside a Yaml configuration to the master node with the help of kubectl CLI or admin UI. So these commands that we can give from outside of the Kubernetes cluster is going to be received by the Kube API server. So once my Kube API server receives instructions through kubectl CLI or admin UI, it is going to read the instructions. What is the end user is trying to do, whether he wants to create a deployment or whether he wants to do some autoscaling. So based upon the instructions that it understand it is going to give those instructions to the scheduler. So what is the purpose of scheduler component Scheduler will understand what are the requirements that it received from the Kube API server and based upon the requirements it is going to identify under which worker node it has to do a deployment. Suppose if my end user gave an instructions to the master node saying that I want to deploy my accounts to microservice. In such scenario, the kube API server will give these instructions to the scheduler. Scheduler is a component that is responsible to identify under which worker node the deployment of accounts microservice has to be done. So behind the scenes, it will do a lot of calculations like which worker node has bandwidth, which worker nodes is super busy. So by considering all these calculations, it is going to identify one of the worker node present inside the Kubernetes cluster. So here I only mentioned two worker nodes, but you may have any number of worker nodes inside your Kubernetes cluster. Once my scheduler identifies under which worker node it has to do the accounts microservice deployment, it is going to give the same instructions back to the Kube API server and from Kube API server it will reach to the corresponding worker node about the deployment of the accounts microservice. So now assume like your accounts microservice deployment is completed inside one of the worker node available, but the story is not going to end there. Maybe after few days or maybe after few hours, your container may have some problems. So who is going to track that? So it is the responsibility of the controller manager to always track the containers and worker nodes available inside the cluster. If any of the worker node or container is having some health issues, this controller manager is going to make sure it is bringing new worker nodes or new containers in the place of problematic containers are worker nodes. In simple words, we can say controller manager always have an input value saying that this is the desired state of my Kubernetes cluster. Inside my Kubernetes cluster, I always want to make sure I have three instances of accounts microservice running always. So my controller manager regularly keep health check of these three running instances of accounts microservice, If any of the worker node are if any of the container has issues, it is going to match with that desired state. Which means if one of the container is having some problems. Since my controller manager knows always three containers has to be in a good health status, it is going to kill the container which has some problems and in the same place it is going to bring the new container of accounts microservice. This way it will always try to match with the desired state that it received from the end user with the actual state present inside the Kubernetes cluster. Now, apart from controller manager, scheduler and Kube API server, we also have another important component, which is Etcd. So what is this etcd? We can say this etcd as a brain of our Kubernetes cluster. because this etcd is going to act as a database or a storage system for your Kubernetes cluster inside this etcd only all the information related to your Kubernetes cluster is going to stored as a key value pair. For example, if my controller manager at any point has some questions like how many replicas it has to maintain about accounts microservice, it can always connect with the etcd to understand what is the desired state that we initially received from the end user. And very similarly, the Kube API server when it receives the instructions from the end user with the help of CLI or  admin UI, it is going to make an entry into the etcd so the same values can be referred by the controller manager scheduler during their day to day operations. So this is what we have inside the master node now coming to the worker nodes like you can see, we have two worker nodes. So inside worker node also we have very good number of components. So let's try to understand what are those? The very first important component that I want to discuss here is Kubelet. So what is Kubelet? Kubelet is an agent running inside all your worker nodes using these Kubelet Only my master node is going to connect with the worker node and it is going to provide the instructions with the help of kube API server. Like we discussed previously, at the end of the day, all our microservices has to be deployed inside the worker node, so my master node has to give instructions to the worker node saying that please deploy this accounts microservice with a replica of three. So all such instructions the worker nodes are going to receive with the help of Kubelet. After Kubelet we have container runtime. So what is the purpose of container runtime? It is very simple. Since we are going to deploy all our microservices in the form of containers, we need to make sure there is some container runtime installed inside the worker node. Most of the times the container runtime is going to be Docker because that is the most widely used container environments. So when you try to set up Kubernetes cluster, all your worker nodes, they are going to have that Docker server installed inside them. Now behind that container runtime, you can see we have Pod. So what is a pod? Pod is a smallest deployment unit inside the Kubernetes like worker node is going to be a jumbo server or a jumbo virtual machine. We cannot deploy our containers directly into the worker nodes. Instead, the Kubernetes is going to create a pod inside a worker node. And inside this pod only the actual containers of the microservices are going to be deployed. So what is the reason to have the pods inside Kubernetes cluster? It is very simple. Suppose if you are trying to deploy multiple microservices into your same worker node to provide that isolation from other microservices, we are going to have a concept of pods. So inside these parts only the containers will be deployed. Usually most of the times a pod will have a single container. Suppose think like you are trying to deploy your accounts, microservice and card microservice and loans microservice. All these microservices are going to be deployed independently in different, different parts. They will never be a scenario inside a single pod, multiple microservices will be deployed. Always remember inside a pod, only a specific microservice or a specific application only allowed. But here you may have question like for some parts I have mentioned two containers like container one and container two. So the reason sometimes you may deploy multiple containers inside a pod is sometimes your application container like accounts, loans or cards. It may need some helper container or it may need some utility container to perform its job. So such helper containers we can deploy inside the same pod where we have the main container. So this kind of deploying a helper container along with the main container inside a pod is called sidecar pattern. We are going to discuss about sidecar pattern in the coming lectures, but for now please note that always Kubernetes will make sure there is only one container inside a pod which is related to a single microservice application. Now the story is all going good like we'll give instructions to the master node and the master node is going to work with the scheduler controller manager and etcd and post that it is going to give instructions to the worker node through kubelet saying that I want so-and-so microservice to be deployed as a container. The same will be deployed as a container into a pod. But to expose your container to the outside world or to the other containers inside the same cluster, Kubernetes is going to use a component called Kube Proxy. With the help of Kube proxy only all the containers available inside the worker nodes. They are going to expose themselves to the outside world. Or they can also restrict themselves that the communication they are going to accept only within the cluster. So this is the full story of the Kubernetes internal architecture. I know you may have some questions, confusion, so don't worry. When we try to create Kubernetes cluster and try to deploy all our microservices into the Kubernetes cluster, then it is going to make sense for you. As of now, you can see we have a single master node and two worker nodes, but you can have any number of master nodes and any number of worker nodes. So this is very similar to the way how we work inside our projects. Think like there are ten developers who are going to do the actual work of development. So to manage all these developers will have a manager. So very similarly here also the master node is going to manage a set of worker nodes. If you have large number of worker nodes, then obviously we need more number of master nodes. A single master node cannot handle any number of worker nodes. And all the information that we discuss also mentioned them in these slides. You can always refer them in future whenever you are trying to quickly refresh the concept of Kubernetes. I tried to give the details about each and every component inside the master node, so the other name for the master node is Control Plane. That's what I highlighted on the top of the slide as well. Very similarly, inside the next slide, I provided the details about the components of worker node. What is Kubelet, what is Kube proxy, what is the container runtime, what is a pod, what is a worker node? So all these details are available. So my recommendation is please try to revise them one more time before you try to come to the next lecture. So that things will be super, super clear for you. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.