Now we have a basic understanding about what is Kubernetes. As a next step, we need to set up a Kubernetes cluster and try to deploy all our microservices. For the same, first, we are going to set up a Kubernetes cluster inside the local system. And once we set up a local Kubernetes cluster, we are going to explore all the concepts of Kubernetes. And once we are clear with all the concepts, I'm also going to show you a demo of creating a Kubernetes cluster and deploying our microservices inside a cloud environment as well. But first, let's try to clear all the concepts with the local Kubernetes cluster. The reason is if you try to spend more time on cloud learning all these concepts, you need to make sure your Kubernetes cluster is running a lot inside the cloud, and that is going to attract a good amount of bill. That's why to avoid that, first, let's explore local Kubernetes cluster. If you are comfortable and if you want, you can also try the same inside the cloud environment as well. So to set up a local Kubernetes cluster, we have various options. We also have a installation with the name Minikube. So what is Minikube? With the help of Minikube installation, we can set up a small Kubernetes cluster inside local system. But there are some drawbacks of Minikube installation because few of the commands that we give for the Minikube will be different compared to the actual commands that we give to the Kubernetes cluster inside the production environment. So that's why I want to avoid the Minikube installation. Instead, I'm going to deploy a local Kubernetes cluster with the help of Docker desktop. And this local Kubernetes cluster is going to work very similar to production Kubernetes cluster. Since we already have Docker desktop installed inside our local system. Creating a Kubernetes cluster with the help of Docker desktop is not going to be super challenging. It is going to be super easy. Like you can see, you can come to this page, which is doc's.docker.com/desktop/kubernetes. I'm also going to mention this URL inside the GitHub repo. Inside this page you can see there are clear steps on how to turn on Kubernetes inside the Docker desktop. So from the Docker dashboard, you need to select the settings, post that on the left side bar, you need to select the Kubernetes and enable the Kubernetes and at last select the apply and restart. So this will create a local Kubernetes cluster. So let me try to show you the steps one by one. For the same, I'm going to open the Docker dashboard. Here there is a settings option we have on the top right corner. If you can click on this settings, there is an option of Kubernetes in this left hand side bar and in this page we need to select this one, which is enable Kubernetes and don't select the second option, which is show system containers. When you select this option, which is show system containers, whenever you try to run some Docker commands like docker ps, it is also going to show you all the containers created by the Kubernetes cluster as well. Since we don't want that, we can disable this and post that I'm going to click on this, apply and restart. This will restart my Docker desktop. So this is going to take few minutes. Meanwhile, let's try to understand other goods information available inside this page. They clearly highlighted it is going to create a single node cluster since inside the local system we will not have large memory or CPU capacity. Always local Kubernetes clusters they are going to install a single node cluster. A same single node is going to act as a both master node and worker node. But when we try to create the same cluster inside the cloud environment, I'll show you how to create a production ready Kubernetes cluster with at least three different worker nodes and one master node. For now, for our local testing, this should be fine. And if you can scroll down on this page, once you followed all these turn on Kubernetes steps, it also provided some instructions like by default, Kubernetes containers are hidden from commands like docker ps. Because managing them manually is not supported, most users do not need this option, but for some reason, if you want to see this internal containers, we need to select the option show system containers. The same we discussed previously. We didn't select this because we don't want to see the internal containers with the help of Docker commands. And after that there is also information once Kubernetes is turned on and running and additional status bar in the Docker desktop footer and the Docker menu displays. So let's try to understand the same inside the Docker desktop. I came to my Docker desktop here let me close this window. Now you can see at the bottom of the Docker desktop on the left hand side there are two symbols. One is related to Docker, which is saying engine is running below that. We also have one more status telling Kubernetes is running this indicates that our Kubernetes cluster is right now set up. We can also confirm that by going to the Docker desktop here also right now, you'll be able to see one more option with the Kubernetes. So under the Kubernetes, there are some options that that means the local Kubernetes cluster is created. So now we have Kubernetes local cluster available. As a next step, we need to make sure Kubectl is set up inside our local system. What is kubectl, it is one of the approach to interact with the Kubernetes cluster. Like you can see at the top, there are two approaches. One is with the UI, the other one is Kubectl CLI. So to give instructions to our Kubernetes cluster, we need to make sure we have kubectl setup inside our local system. So here there are certain instructions saying that by default this kubectl is going to be set up by your Docker desktop while it is trying to create the local Kubernetes cluster at this path inside your Mac or if you are using Windows, this is the path where it is going to set up. So try to run some kubectl command. If it is not working, please make sure this location is set inside your path variable. So just like how we do for the JAVA_HOME and MAVEN_HOME, very similarly we need to make sure that these location are available under the path variable post that once this kubectl command is installed and set up properly, you can try to run the command which is kubectl config, get context. So I'm trying to run the same inside my terminal. So kubectl is a command every time we need to use whenever we want to use some instructions to the Kubernetes cluster. So after kubectl I'm trying to mention config and get context. So with this I will get what are the list of contexts available inside my local system. So context is a kind of isolated environment using which my client application or my CLI can interact with the Kubernetes cluster. So as of now you can see by default there is a context created with the name Docker desktop. Very similarly, you can also try to run one more command which is kubectl config get-clusters. This will give you what are the list of Kubernetes clusters that are running inside your local system. So as of now you can see I have only one Kubernetes cluster inside my local system. It is perfectly possible that you can create any number of clusters with various approaches, but right now, since we have only one Kubernetes cluster, the same is visible here. The name of this cluster is Docker Desktop. I hope you are clear about this Kubectl command instructions. For some reason, if you have various context available inside your local system because you might have installed Minikube or any other approaches to set up Kubernetes cluster in such scenarios If you have various contexts, we need to make sure we are setting the Docker desktop as the default context that we want to use for our local testing. So that's why I'm trying to run the command, which is kubectl config use context docker desktop. This is not going to have any effect in my local system because as of now I have only one context. That's why you can see under the current there is an asterisk mark saying that this context is right now activated in my local system. This command use context is only going to help you if you have many contexts available inside your local system. So after running this command, let's go back to the browser. Inside the browser, if we can scroll down, there is also a command which is kubectl get nodes which will confirm you how many nodes are available inside your local system. So let me try to run this command, which is kubectl. So kubectl is going to be common for all commands that we are going to issue with the help of kubectl terminal. So kubectl get nodes. So this will give you only a one node because as of now we have created a local Kubernetes cluster with only a single node. When we try to create the Kubernetes cluster inside the cloud environment at that time, I'm going to show you that your cluster is going to have more than a single node. For now, we should be good with this single node for our local testing. With this, we have set up the local Kubernetes cluster. Please make sure you have run all these commands and that will give you a confidence or assurance to you that kubectl is properly set up inside your local system. If not, please follow all the instructions that they have given here and post that restart your terminal and you should be able to run all these commands. For some reasons if you want to disable the Kubernetes cluster or turn off the Kubernetes cluster inside your local system, you can follow the steps that they have mentioned here. I hope you are clear and you set up your local Kubernetes cluster with the help of Docker desktop. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.