As of now, we are trying to interact with our Kubernetes cluster only with the help of kubectl commands from our local terminal. But like I said before, we also have another approach, which is with the help of Admin UI, we can also interact with the Kubernetes cluster. We can see the overall status of the Kubernetes cluster. So having an access to the UI for your Kubernetes cluster is going to make your life super, super easy. That's why inside this lecture I'm going to show you how to set up Kubernetes Dashboard, our Kubernetes Admin UI. For the same, I came to this official website which will guide us on how to set up a Kubernetes Dashboard inside a Kubernetes cluster. So this is the URL, the same URL I'm going to mention inside the GitHub repo as well for your reference. Now let's try to explore this page and try to understand how to set up this Kubernetes Dashboard. So if we can scroll down, this is how the Kubernetes Dashboard is going to look like. In very few minutes, we are going to set up this kind of Kubernetes Dashboard inside our local Kubernetes cluster as well. So let me scroll down on this page so you can see there is a note here saying that that Dashboard UI is not deployed by default inside any Kubernetes cluster. So we need to follow certain steps to install this Kubernetes Dashboard inside our local Kubernetes cluster. Based upon the instructions here, you can see we can install the Kubernetes Dashboard only with the help of Helm. So what is Helm? Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes. So just like how we have Node for JavaScript world. Very similarly for Kubernetes-related installations, Helm is a package manager using which we can install any kind of components inside a Kubernetes cluster. So there is a dedicated section regarding Helm is available inside this course; we are going to discuss in detail about Helm in the next section. For now, let's not worry much about Helm. Let's try to set up the Kubernetes Dashboard with the help of this Helm. So you can see here we have certain commands that we need to execute in order to set up the Kubernetes Dashboard. But in order to execute these commands, first we need to make sure we are installing Helm inside our local system. So to install Helm, we need to go to your website, which is helm.sh. Inside this website, we can click on this "Get Started" and post that. On the left-hand side there is an option which is "Installing Helm." If you can click on this here, we have details on how to install Helm in various operating systems and there are multiple approaches that they have provided. The most easiest way and the recommended approach from my side is with the help of package managers. So Helm is a package manager, which we can install with the help of other package managers. So for macOS you should already have Homebrew, which is a package manager. Using Homebrew you can install this command, which is brew install helm, and this is going to install Helm inside your local system. Coming to the Windows operating system users. First, you need to install Chocolatey package manager. If you can click on this Chocolatey link, it'll take you to this website. So here there is an option of "Install," so please try to follow the instructions present inside this page to install Chocolatey inside your system. You need to select this individual option. If you're looking for a detailed lecture on how to install Helm, there is a lecture in the next section on how to install Helm in the local system. You can look into that lecture as well, but I think this should be very easy. So once you install this Chocolatey inside your Windows operating system, you need to install this choco install kubernetes-helm command. So it's pretty easy to install Helm. macOS users, you can use this command which is brew install helm. Whereas Windows users, I would recommend you following installing Helm with the help of Chocolatey. Once you install Helm, you need to verify whether the installation is successful or not. So how to verify it? It's very simple. We just need to execute a command, which is helm space version. As soon as you press enter, you should get a proper output, which is going to convey what is the current version of Helm installed inside your system. If you're able to see this kind of output inside your system, then it conveys that the Helm installation is successful. As a next step, we need to take this very first command, but now don't worry about what are these commands; we are going to discuss in detail about Helm in the next section. So I'm just trying to paste this command and execute inside my system. Since I already executed this command previously, I'm getting this output, but for you, since you're going to execute this command very first time, you should get some other output which conveys that adding a Helm repo inside your system is successful. Now let me take the second command, the same command, I'm going to paste inside my terminal and execute this command. So this is going to install Kubernetes Dashboard inside my local Kubernetes cluster. Once the installation is successful, you're going to get this kind of output saying that congratulations, you have just installed Kubernetes Dashboard inside your cluster. If you are getting any warnings or errors, please make sure you are having latest Docker Desktop. On top of that, you should have a local Kubernetes cluster running inside your system and that is what we set up in the previous lecture. So the installation of Kubernetes Dashboard is going to take two to three minutes time. So please wait for a couple of minutes post that. In order to access the dashboard, you need to run these commands. So we need to copy this entire command and run it here in the same terminal. So as soon as I execute this command, you'll be able to see right now my Kubernetes cluster. It exposes that dashboard to the outside world at the port 8443. So once you execute this command, don't try to disturb this terminal because if you try to close this terminal or if you try to execute some other command, then this exposing of the traffic is going to be stopped. And with that, you'll not be able to access Kubernetes Dashboard inside your system. So once this command is executed, you can see this is the URL that you can use to access that Kubernetes Dashboard inside your system. So let me copy this and paste it inside my browser. So as soon as I press enter, since my connection is HTTPS with the certificate, which is generated by my Kubernetes cluster, my browser is not considering that as a valid certificate. But for our local testing, this should be fine. We can click on this "Show details" and I can click on this link which is "Visit this website." And with that, I'll be able to see the login page for my Kubernetes Dashboard. So here it is expecting a token as an input. So once we enter that token inside this page we'll be able to see the Dashboard UI. I'm going to show you how to get this token in few minutes, but before that I just wanted to highlight one important note. As of now, you can see I'm able to access the dashboard with 8443, but in the videos that you're going to see in future inside this course, you'll be able to see a different port which is 8001. So don't worry about the port number. When I created this course very first time to set up the Kubernetes Dashboard, we used to have a different lengthy approach and in that legacy or deprecated approach, the dashboard used to be deployed at 8001, but with this latest approach or with the Helm approach that we discussed so far, the Kubernetes Dashboard is going to be available at the port 8443. So that's why my humble request is don't worry about the port number whenever you are seeing the Kubernetes Dashboard in the coming lectures. I hope you're clear. Now let me go to this official website. Here we have a hyperlink, which is going to help us on how to create a sample user. So let me click on the same and this will take me to a GitHub page. And here we have clear instructions on how to create a sample user. So let's try to understand what are these instructions and follow the same inside our local system as well. So here first you can see we need to create a service account. Inside Kubernetes we have a concept like Service Account. So Service Account is nothing but is a credential that you're trying to create for a particular user. So how to create this Service Account? You need to write these YAML configurations in one of the file. And the same you need to provide to the Kubernetes cluster with the help of kubectl apply -f and what is a file name. Here you can see the instructions are pretty clear. First, we need to mention what is the apiVersion, which is v1. So using this API version, we are telling to the Kubernetes cluster that we are trying to use the version one of API to create a Service Account. So under the kind I have mentioned the Service Account. Service Account is a predefined object inside the Kubernetes. So whenever my Kubernetes cluster see the value Service Account after the kind, it is going to create a Service Account for me. And at the metadata, we need to provide what is the name of the Service Account. So the name of the Service Account that I want to create is admin-user. This is very similar to your username and by default if I don't mention the namespace where this Service Account has to be created, my Kubernetes cluster is going to create it inside that default namespace. But since we don't want the Service Account to be created inside a default namespace, we need to provide what is the namespace and the namespace that we're trying to give here is kubernetes-dashboard. So what is the namespace inside Kubernetes cluster? It is a kind of boundary or an isolated area inside your cluster. So just like how we have dev environment, QA environment or production environment, very similarly inside the Kubernetes. Also with the help of namespace, we can create separate, separate isolated areas under which we can try to create various objects like Service Account. As a next step, we need to copy these instructions and let's try to create a YAML file with the name dashboard-admin-user.yaml. For the same inside my terminal, I'm going to open a new tab. I'm not going to disturb this existing terminal because it is right now opened a proxy port using which I can try to access my dashboard of Kubernetes. So let me create a new terminal here. Inside my terminal, first I'll navigate to a folder inside my desktop. So for the same I'm going to give a command, which is cd /Users/eazybytes/Desktop. And inside my desktop I have created a folder with the name K8s, which means Kubernetes. Inside this I'm going to create a file with the name dashboard-admin-user.yaml. So let me copy this value and mention the same here and post that I'm trying to execute this command. Inside Mac, whenever I try to issue this touch command, it is going to create a new file based upon the name that I have given. You can see here a new YAML file is created. Let me try to open this in text editor. As of now, it is empty. Let me try to copy all the configurations from the GitHub repo. So this is the YAML configurations that will help us to create a Service Account with the name admin-user. Now as a next step, I need to provide these configurations to the Kubernetes cluster. For the same we need to run the command, which is kubectl apply -f. f indicates what is the file name and the file name is dashboard-admin-user.yaml. So let me try to execute this command. You can see behind the scenes a Service Account with the name admin-user created. You can see here for me it gives an output saying that unchanged. That means nothing new happened. This is because I already executed this command behind the scenes before recording this lecture. But if you are trying to run this command very first time, you should get an output saying that so, so admin user is created. Now as a next step we need to create a Cluster Role Binding. So as of now we have a Service Account but we need to provide privileges to this account with the help of this Cluster Role Binding. For the same, first we need to create a new file. So let me try to run the command, which is touch dashboard-role-binding.yaml. The file name can be anything. I'm just trying to give some dashboard-role-binding.yaml. As of now this file is empty. Let me try to copy the content from the GitHub repo. So here I'm trying to copy these content and paste the same here. And this time you can see the kind is going to be ClusterRoleBinding because we're trying to bind a cluster role to the Service Account that we have created previously. Under the apiVersion for this kind of Cluster Role Binding, we have to mention this value, whereas for the Service Account it is going to be simply v1. So all these values are going to be available inside the official Kubernetes documentation. Please refer to the same if you have any questions. After the kind under the metadata we need to mention what is the name of this Cluster Role Binding. So the name I want to give here is admin-user, just like how we have given for the Service Account. So once we have defined this admin-user, your Cluster Role Binding will expect two information. What is a cluster role that you want to bind and to which user or to which Service Account you want to bind. So that's why under this roleRef, we need to give this API group. This is going to be always constant value. You can see this is same as like what we have given under the apiVersion. The kind has to be ClusterRole because we are trying to bind a cluster role inside the Kubernetes cluster. All roles we should call it as Cluster Role. And the name of the cluster is cluster-admin. That means we are trying to assign a role cluster-admin. So this is a predefined role inside the Kubernetes cluster. So whoever has this role, they will become an admin of the Kubernetes cluster. So now I have mentioned which role I want to bind. As a next step, we need to tell to whom we want to assign this role. That's why under the subjects we need to start a new array element inside YAML. When we want to start an array element, or list element, we need to mention this hyphen. So under subjects we can define any number of Service Accounts or we can define any number of user details. But in our scenario, since we only have one account, we are mentioning only a single element under the subjects. So under each element of the subjects we need to mention what is a kind, what is a name, what is a namespace. So the kind of user that we want assign this role is Service Account. That's why we need to mention the same. And what is a Service Account name? The Service Account name that we have given here is admin-user, the same we have to mention there. And apart from that we should also mention the same namespace, which is kubernetes-dashboard. So the same I'm trying to mention here. So now our file is ready. Let's try to apply this file also so that the role of cluster-admin will be bind to the user admin-user. So here I'll try to run the same command, which is kubectl apply -f and what is a file name? The file name is going to be dashboard-role-binding.yaml. You can see here for me I got output as unchanged because I already executed these configurations. For you, you should get an output saying that so, so Role Binding is created. As a next step, we need to run this command to get a token for the admin user. So let me try to run this command. So kubectl -n. n indicates what is the namespace. The namespace where we have our service account is kubernetes-dashboard and create token and what is the Service Account name. So this will create a token for my admin user. So let me copy this value and mention the same inside my dashboard by selecting this option, which is "Token." Once I pasted this token I'm going to click on this "Sign In" button so you can see now I'm able to access my Kubernetes Dashboard. By default, the namespace selected is going to be default. If you go to the other namespace like kubernetes-dashboard as of now you can see under the kubernetes-dashboard there are two deployments running with the two different Pods and two different Replica Sets, because even to see this dashboard behind the scenes, some code has to be deployed. That's why we are able to see these Deployments, Pods and Replica Set here. Using this dashboard we can explore lot of information. We are going to explore the same in the coming lectures whenever we are trying to discuss about a particular topic. As of now, we created a Service Account and a Cluster Role Binding under the namespace kubernetes-dashboard. So that's why I have selected the same namespace. Inside the same namespace only that deployments related to this UI is created. So that's why we are able to see these Deployments, Pods and Replica Set. Here on this page, If I can scroll down, there is an information which is related to the Service Accounts. So let me try to click on the Service Accounts. So like you can see here, there is a Service Account that we have created with the name admin-user. So to understand what role we have bind for this admin user, you can go to the Cluster Role Bindings. So here also we have given the same name, which is admin-user. If you try to open that here, it is clearly highlighted for so and so subject, which is admin-user. Under the namespace, which is a kind Service Account, we have assigned a role with the name cluster-admin. So if you try to click on this, you will go to the page related to Cluster Roles. So whoever has this role assigned, which is cluster-admin, they will have these rules applicable. So here under the rules you can see they can invoke all kind of resources with all kind of verbs and API groups. Very similarly under non-resource URL, also there are asterisk marks mentioned; this user is a super user. He can perform any kind of operation inside Kubernetes cluster. I hope you're clear here. You can see with this approach, whenever you want to get a Bearer Token, you need to run this command and this token is going to be short-lived. That means if you don't use your dashboard, it is going to expire and every time you want to have an access token, you need to run this command. Otherwise, if you're looking for a long-lived Bearer Token, then you need to create a Secret by using these configurations. So you can see the kind is mentioned as Secret here. So Secret is a concept inside Kubernetes using which we can store our sensitive information like passwords. So let's try to explore on how to create this long-lived Bearer Token so that it'll make our life easy. For the same, I'm going to copy this content and here I'm going to create a new file by executing the command, which is touch secret.yaml. So now I will open my secret.yaml file and I'm going to paste the content that I have copied from the website. So here you can see we are trying to create a Secret with the name admin-user under the namespace kubernetes-dashboard. And whatever secret that we are using be assigned to the Service Account with the name admin-user. That means we are creating a Secret for the admin user that we have created previously. Under the type you just need to mention this constant value, which is kubernetes.io/service-account-token. Because what we're trying to create with the help of the Secret, we're trying to create a token for the Service Account. That's why we need to mention this type value. So let me save this file and I'm going to execute the command, which is kubectl apply -f and the file name is going to be secret.yaml. Now you can see the Secret is created successfully. As a next step I can try to run this command and this is going to give me what is the token that it is generated behind the scenes. So let me try to run this command and it'll give a token value. And this token, whatever I received it is going to be the constant token all the time. And with this approach, I don't have to get a new token every time with the help of this command, which is create token for the admin user. Since this is going to be super convenient, I'm going to use this token and use the same inside the dashboard, but the same first, let me log out here and post that I'm going to select the token and mention the same token value and click "Sign In." But here I'm getting an unauthorized error. Let me see why I'm getting this error. So inside the terminal, whenever we try to run this command, which is kubectl get secret. In the output, we are getting an percentage towards the end for some reason. So whenever you try to copy this token, don't copy the last character, which is percentage. So without percentage please copy this value and mention the same. And with that we should be able to sign in. So please make a note of your token in some place. Like you can see, I'm trying to my token here. So whenever my dashboard is going to ask me the token value, I'm going to give this always. If you don't follow this approach, you should always execute this command, which is create token command and it is going to give different, different token at different, different times. With this, I'm assuming you are super, super clear on how to set up the Kubernetes Dashboard. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.