As of now, we have our local Kubernetes cluster running successfully inside our system. As a next step, we should try to deploy all our microservices into this Kubernetes cluster. Post that we can also validate all the features provided by the Kubernetes to make our life easy during the deployment of microservices. So to get started with the deployment of our microservices, first, we need to give instructions to the Kubernetes on how we want to deploy our microservice and how we want to expose them. So all these information we need to provide them in a Yaml configuration. Whatever we have used with the help of Docker compose, we cannot simply give those to the Kubernetes because Kubernetes cannot understand the format or syntax of the Docker compose. Kubernetes has its own format. We need to follow the same format and syntax and define how we want to deploy our microservices and how we want to expose them. Inside this lecture, let's try to deploy the config server into the Kubernetes cluster. Because whenever I want to set up all my microservices into a Kubernetes cluster, the very first microservice are the application that I want to deploy is config server for that reason only. Inside this lecture I'm going to consider config server and in the same process we can also learn how to provide instructions to the Kubernetes cluster in the format of Yaml. To get started with the deployment of config server. First, I'm going to create a folder inside my workspace with the name section_15. Because right now we are into the section_15 where we are going to deploy all our microservices into a local Kubernetes cluster. Inside this section_15 folder, I'm going to create another folder with the name Kubernetes. As a next step, I will try to open my terminal at this folder location. So this is my terminal location. I'm going to run the command, which is cd and what is the path that I want to navigate? So inside my Section 15, we have a folder which is Kubernetes. I want to navigate into that. So right now my terminal is at the right location. So here I'm going to run the command, which is touch configserver.yaml because using this file I want to provide instructions to the Kubernetes cluster on how to deploy my config server. That's why I'm trying to give this name here. If you are using windows OS, this touch command may not work. You need to create these files manually inside your folder location. So let me create this yaml. Now if I go and check my folder I should have a new yaml file with the name configserver.yaml. So let me try to open this in a text editor. As of now it is empty. Inside this file, I'm going to paste a few Yaml configurations post that we can try to discuss all the configurations line by line. Please note that in real projects a developer is not responsible to write these Kubernetes configuration files. The DevOps team members are the platform team members. They are responsible to write these configurations. But as a developer you should always aware about the basic syntax of this Kubernetes configuration file. That's why inside this course I'm trying to explain them. Here let me paste configurations like you can see I have pasted the configurations. Now let's try to discuss about these configurations. Whenever we want to deploy our microservices into the Kubernetes cluster, we need to create a configuration of kind deployment. So this kind of deployment is a predefined object inside the Kubernetes. If you try to go deploy instead of deployment, it is not going to work. Your Kubernetes cluster is going to throw an error. That's why always make sure you are mentioning this kind as deployment. And before the kind deployment you should also make sure you are mentioning the API version as app/v1. You can always get the syntax of these files from the Kubernetes official documentation. Like you can see here. This is the Kubernetes website where we have instructions about deployments. Inside this page if you can scroll down, there is a syntax on how you can view the deployment instructions to your Kubernetes cluster. So the same kind of syntax we are trying to follow for our microservice as well. So don't worry if this syntax looking very complicated to you because if you try to practice deploying microservices multiple times into your Kubernetes cluster with the help of this Kubernetes config files, you are going to get used to this syntax. Just like how right now you are comfortable with the Docker compose format. Like I said, whenever we want to provide a deployment instructions to the Kubernetes, the first two lines are always static. After the kind we need to mention the metadata. Using the metadata, we are providing some metadata information about these deployment instructions and the metadata like you can see first, I have mentioned the name for this name, I'm trying to give a name saying that configserver-deployment, this name can be anything. So we are trying to give a name to our deployment. Using the same name, we can always try to search inside the Kubernetes cluster. So just to differentiate between multiple deployments, we should always make sure we are giving a unique name for your deployment instructions. So here, since I'm trying to deploy my config server, I have given this name which is going to be very apt for this scenario. Now, under the labels I need to mention app and what is an app name? So these labels are very important inside the Kubernetes configurations. I'm going to highlight the importance of them in few seconds. For now, you can see under this metadata for this deployment configserver-deployment, I have created a label which is app config server. After the metadata we need to provide the specs, spec indicates specification. Since we are trying to deploy our microservice into a Kubernetes cluster, we need to provide the specifications how many replicas we want to deploy, what are the container details, what are the docker image details? So all those details we are going to mention under this specification. Under the specification, the very first element that we have here is replicas. As of now you can see I'm trying to deploy only a single instance of my config server. That's why I have mentioned the replicas as one instead of one, if you mention three, then your Kubernetes cluster behind the scenes is going to deploy your config server in three different parts with three different instances. So based upon your traffic needs, you need to define the number of replicas. So let me revert back to one. After the replicas with the help of selector and match labels, we need to mention whatever label we have mentioned here, which is app as config server. So what we are trying to tell here is with this match labels, whatever specification that I'm trying to write here, I want them to be applicable for the deployment config server deployment, which has the same label, which is app config server. That's why we have mentioned the same here. So behind the scenes my Kubernetes is going to do the match labels with the labels that we have defined here. That's why please make sure you are mentioning the same config server name here under the match labels as well. Now for my specification, after the selector and match labels, we need to mention the template. So with this template we are trying to provide what is the template instructions on how we want to deploy our microservices. So under this template, again we have metadata information. So under this metadata, again we need to mention labels, app config server. After the metadata, again the specifications. So here these specifications are related to template, whereas these specifications are related to the deployment. So under that deployment specification we are going to create template under the template, we are going to provide specifications related to the template. So that's why this specification element is getting repeated multiple times. Now under this specification, which is under the template, we are going to provide the important information with the help of this containers. Under these containers, we need to mention what is the name of your container and what is the image name that Kubernetes cluster has to consider to deploy your microservices? So here I have mentioned the S14, which is related to the previous section. So we are going to deploy the previous section docker image. So this is my complete image name like eazybytes/configserver:s14. Here you may have a question like how my Kubernetes cluster will know whether my images are present inside the Docker hub or Amazon Container Registry or any other container registry. Like I said before, by default, whenever we don't mention the container registry information internally, it is going to consider as docker.io by default. But if you have your images in some other places, then you need to mention those container registry details just before your eazybytes. But since right now we stored them inside the Docker hub, we don't need to mention the complete name. After the image under the ports we need to mention what is the container port like at which port, we want our container to get started. Like we know the config server has to get started at the port 8071. That's why I have given the same. So if you see here under containers we have mentioned the list element with the help of this hyphen. So as of now we only define a single container. So with this single container information, my Kubernetes cluster will create deployment and as part of the deployment, a pod will be created inside one of the worker node and my pod is going to have a single container. What if your config server container need some helper container. In such scenarios, you need to repeat these container instructions with a new list element under these containers. But since as of now we don't need any helper container for our config server, we have mentioned only a single container specifications. So if you see here, the important information that I want you to consider is, so this app config server has to be same in all the places. Like initially we have given a label for our deployment with the name app configserver, the same label we need to mention under the specifications. That's how the Kubernetes is going to map these specifications to this config server deployment. Because both of them has the same label, which is app configserver. Very similarly and a template also we need to mention the same label and since this template also has the same label, these template instructions will be considered for the same deployment, which is configserver-deployment. So with these deployment instructions now my config server docker image will get deployed as an Docker container inside my Kubernetes cluster. But the story is not going to end there. With the deployment, we simply deploying our microservice into a Kubernetes cluster. But how about exposing that container to the outside world or restricting that container only for the internal communication. So to control on how we want to expose our microservice container to the outside world, we need to create one more object with the name service in between these two configurations, like deployment and service, I have mentioned three hyphens. So do you know what is the meaning of three hyphens inside a Yaml file? So whenever we mention these three hyphens inside yaml file it indicates to the yaml please treat these single yaml file as a two separate Yaml files. So whatever I have mentioned in the top, all these configurations will be treated as a single Yaml file. And very similarly whatever I have mentioned below, these will be treated as a second yaml file. I can define these service instructions in another yaml file, but that is going to be super difficult for me because whenever we want to provide some instructions we need to provide the file name to the Kubernetes cluster. So if I have so many files then I need to run the apply command with all these file names. So that's why wherever possible, I will try to define all the Kubernetes configurations to a single microservice in a single Yaml file. And behind the scenes, since this Yaml file has this feature like separating the configurations with these three hyphens, my Kubernetes cluster is going to execute them one by one by seeing this special character which is three hyphens. For some reason, if you want to define more configurations in the same file, you can mention the three hyphens after the end of this service configuration as well. This way you can define any number of Yaml configurations in a single Yaml file. So now let's try to understand what is there present inside this service configuration. Whenever we are trying to create the service configuration, we need to make sure we are mentioning the API version as v1 and the kind has to be service. Whereas for the deployment, the kind is deployment. Since right now we are giving service instructions. We need to make sure we are giving the kind as service. Now under the metadata we need to mention the name, which is config server. So with this metadata name, I'm trying to give a name to my service which is config server. So please note that you are following the same service name like config server. Because whatever you have mentioned at this line 26 using the same name only my other microservice inside the Kubernetes cluster, they are going to communicate with each other. So this is going to act as a host name inside your Kubernetes cluster. So please make sure this name you are giving config server. Otherwise you need to make changes in lot, many other places when we deploy other microservice. Now, after defining some name for the service with the help of this metadata name, we need to provide the specification. So whatever specification that we are trying to define here, we want to apply that for an app with the name config server. That's why we need to use this selector. So if you see here the same app config server I have mentioned under the deployment labels as well like under the deployment metadata labels, I have the same app config server. So this tells to my Kubernetes cluster, whatever service that I have defining here, please apply to the containers that I have created with the help of deployment instructions with the same label app name as config server. Like here at the line six, we have the same label app number. So that's how my Kubernetes cluster is going to establish a link between a deployment and service. So after defining the selector app config server, we need to mention type. So under type here we have load balancer. So whenever we mention load balancer, it is an indication to the Kubernetes cluster that we want to expose our microservice to the outside world, which means to the outside of the Kubernetes cluster as well. For now, please note that Load Balancer will expose the container to the outside of the cluster. Later on, I'll show you what are the other options that we have. So this type inside the service is going to be super, super important because based upon this type, only the behavior of exposing our container will be controlled. After type, we need to mention ports and our ports, we need to mention protocol as TCP. Since we want to communicate over web, we need to mention the protocol as TCP. Now, since we are trying to expose these config server to the outside world, we need to mention at which port it has to expose. So whatever I have mentioned here, which is port 8071, this is the port which will be exposed to the outside world. Whereas whatever you have mentioned at the target port, this is the port where my container is going to start internally inside the Kubernetes network. So here we need to make sure this container, port and target port are always same because if you try to define different values, the Kubernetes is going to throw an error. I hope this is clear. So with this, we have created the Kubernetes configuration files for deploying our config server into the Kubernetes cluster. In other words, people also call this Kubernetes configuration files as Kubernetes manifest files. So that's an industry standard. So we should always call them as Kubernetes manifest files. So with these manifest files only, we are going to deploy our containers into the Kubernetes cluster and expose them to the outside world. So I hope this is clear as a next step in the next lecture, let's try to use this configurations and try to deploy our config server microservice into the local Kubernetes cluster. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.