In the previous lecture, we have prepared the required Kubernetes manifest file to deploy our config server into the local Kubernetes cluster. Inside this lecture, let's try to use the same and do the deployment of config server into Kubernetes cluster. For the same, I'll go to the terminal. Inside my terminal, First I'm going to show you there are no parts, there are no deployments and there are no services as of now in the default namespace. So for the same, I'm going to run few commands, which is kubectl get deployments. So this will show me all the deployments inside my Kubernetes cluster. Like you can see, as of now, there are no resources found in the default namespace. Very similarly, I can also look for services. So under services as of now, you can see there is one default service which is related to Kubernetes. Cluster is available, but there is no service which is related to our microservices. So the next command I'm going to run is Kubectl get replica set. So let me try to run this command. And as of now, you can see this also gives a output saying that no resources found in default namespace. So this confirms as of now our default namespace is empty. You can also confirm the same inside the Kubernetes dashboard as well. So here inside my Kubernetes dashboard, please make sure you are selecting the namespace as default and post that you can click on this deployments. As of now, there is nothing to display here. The same I will do for pods replica set and under services. Also, as of now we have only one Kubernetes related service. So now as a next step I will try to deploy my config server with the manifest file that we have created. So what is the command that we need to run? We need to make sure we are in the same folder location where we have our config server manifest file is available. So right now I'm at the same location and here I'm going to run the command which is kubectl apply hyphen F and what is the file name? The file name is config server dot yaml. So don't worry about all these Kubernetes commands that I'm trying to run inside this course. I'm going to mention all of them inside the GitHub repo. You can always refer the same whenever you have some questions. So now I'm going to execute this command. As of now you can see I got a command immediately saying that so and so deployment is created and so on. So service also is created. Now if I try to run the commands like Kubectl get deployments, you'll be able to see one deployment with the name config server hyphen deployment. As of now you can see it is showing you that to maintain only one container or one replica set and that's why you are able to see these one by one. That means desired state is one and the actual state is also one. So there is no issue here, which means our container is in healthy status. Now, very similarly, I'm going to run kubectl get services. So this will show you the new service that got created of type load balancer and by default, each of your container service is going to get an cluster IP address, which is going to make sense only within the cluster. But when you try to expose to the outside world, the external IP address will be available under the external IP. Since this is my local system, it is giving as localhost. Whereas if you try to deploy into a cloud environment, you will get an real public IP address and you can see as of now my container is exposed at the port 8071. I will explain later on like why we are able to see this port which is 30153 when we try to discuss about load balancer and other service types available inside the Kubernetes. But now please note that our config server microservice is exposed at the localhost at the port 8071. The next command that I want to run is kubectl get replica set. So if I try to run this, you can see here, this is the replica set that is created for the config server hyphen deployment. The desired is one and the current is one. And that's why my Kubernetes is going to be very happy for some reason. If the current is zero, then immediately Kubernetes will come into picture and it will take care of creating a new container in the place of defective container. Very similarly, we can also try to run the command, which is kubectl get pods and this will show you what is the pod name where you are. Micro service is deployed. So this is the pod name. As of now, the status is running. We can also validate all these inside the Kubernetes dashboard as well. So here you can see under the services we have now a new service with the name config server of type load balancer and the external endpoint is going to be localhost 8071. Now I'll go and check under deployments. As of now you can see there is a config server deployment. Later on I'm going to click. Come these parts. This is the part where my container is deployed and it has used this image and this is the labels. If I try to click on this pod, a detailed page about my pod will open and here there is an option also to view the logs of this pod. If you can see the logs here, you will be able to see all the spring boot logs of your config server. So whenever you have some issue related to your container and you want to debug what is happening behind the pod, this is the place where you need to check the logs. Similarly, I can check the replica set and this is the replica set. Inside this replica set you will be able to see what is the running, what is the desired and under which pods the container is running, what is the service? This way we can always check a lot of information with the help of Kubernetes dashboard as a next step, let's try to validate if we are able to access our config server for the same. I'm going to access the URL which is localhost 8071 and account slash prod. So this is a random URL that I want to access and you can see I'm getting the accounts microservice related properties both from production profile and default profile. Very similarly, I can check for loans, I'll get loans related properties. Let me check for Eureka Server post that. I'll mention default because Eureka does not have any profile specific properties. By default, all the properties of Eureka are going to available inside the default profile. This confirms our config server is successfully deployed into the Kubernetes cluster. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.