As a next step, I want to deploy all the remaining microservices into the Kubernetes cluster. But before that, we need to create certain environment variables inside our Kubernetes cluster, which we can inject into the microservices deployment. Because if you try to see the Docker compose files that we have written, as of now, all our containers are dependent on many environment variables like what is the activated profile, what is the spring config import URL, what is the Eureka server URL? So since all our microservices, they need these environment variables to get started, we need to look for an option on how to create the same kind of environment variables inside the Kubernetes cluster as well. For the same, we are going to create an object of configmap inside Kubernetes. Like you can see here, Configmap is an object used to store Non-confidential data in a key value pairs parts and your containers they can consume config maps as an environment variables or command line arguments or as an configuration files in a volume. So the same config map object we need to consider to define all our environment variables inside the Kubernetes cluster. So there is also a syntax on how we can create this. We are going to follow the same and define a Kubernetes manifest file to create the config map that is specific to our microservices. We also have secrets object. We need to use this whenever we want to store some confidential data. Previously we created a secret object whenever we try to deploy the Kubernetes dashboard. If you can scroll down here, the kind has to be secret, the same we have used previously. But right now let's focus on config maps to create the environment variables. For the same, I'm going to create a new file inside my Kubernetes folder and the file name is going to be configmaps.yml. So once I have created these Yaml file I'm going to open these inside an text editor. So here inside my sublime text I'm going to open the file which is configmaps.yaml. As of now it is empty. So here let me paste few configurations which we can discuss in detail. Like you can see I have pasted few lines of configurations. So the very first element is API version. For config maps we need to mention value as V1 and the kind has to be config map. Under metadata, we need to give the name that we want to give for this config map configurations. So the name that I'm trying to give here is easybank -config map. After the metadata, we need to mention an element which is data. And at this data element we can provide any number of environment properties with a key and value. Like you can see, I have mentioned these environment variables like what is the profile that I want to consider while deploying my microservice. And very similarly, what is our config server? What is the Eureka server URL? What is the application name of configserver, Eureka server, accounts, loans, cards, GatewayApplication name and a class. What is the keycloak admin username? What is the admin password of keycloak and what is the keycloak URL where my resource server has to fetch the certificate? So all these environments I have mentioned here coming to the values the host names has to be your service names. I have created my config server with the service name as config server and similarly for the Eureka Server, the service name is going to be Eureka Server. That's why I have mentioned the same here. Now coming to the keycloak URL details which we need to mention under the resource server. I'm going to start my keycloak service with the name keycloak only. That's why I'm going to mention the host name as keycloak. Here I have some different value. Let me remove this and my keycloak is going to get exposed the service at the port 7080. That's why I'm trying to mention a correct value here. What is the host name and what is the port number? So here I'm not defining any properties related to Kafka or Rabbitmq or Opentelemetry. The reason is once I discussed about the helm charts, then only I'm going to show you how to set up Kafka or Grafana related components inside Kubernetes, because writing all these Kubernetes manifest files for industry provided components like Kafka, Grafana is unnecessary and it's over complicated. That's why when we try to learn about helm charts using the same, I'm going to show you how easy it is to set up these components like Kafka, Grafana components. For now, inside this lecture, we're going to deploy only our microservices that we have developed, along with the keycloak. Keycloak is mandatory we cannot skip it because as of now our gateway server is secured and without keycloak server, we cannot access any of the APIs to create the data inside our microservice. So with this we have successfully created the config map Kubernetes manifest file. As a next step, let me try to use this file and try to feed the same to my Kubernetes cluster. For the same, I'm going to run the command, which is cubectl. apply -f and what is the file name? The file name is config maps.yaml. So as soon as I try to execute this you can see I got an output saying that so and so config map is successfully created. I can validate if it is created or not inside my kubernetes dashboard since my session is expired. Let me get my token. So I have my token pasted here. Let me copy this and mention the same here and click on this sign in. Now I'll make sure the namespace is default and I'll scroll down here. There is a section with a value config Maps. So let me click on this and you can see here I have a config map which I have created just now. So let me click on this and this. You'll be able to see all the environment variables that we have provided to the Kubernetes cluster. As a next step, by using these environment variables, we can try to deploy all the remaining microservices. But before I close this lecture, let me show you the difference between config maps and secrets. So inside config maps we can always see that data directly inside the Kubernetes dashboard, whereas secrets, they will be base64 encoded as of now under default there is no secret. But if you go to the namespace which is Kubernetes dashboard, you'll have a secret with the name admin user and here you will not be able to see that data. It is by default. It is hidden from the dashboard. But if you want to see that, you can click on this view option that will show you that token value. So this is not a super perfect way to secure your secrets. That's why inside Kubernetes there is also a joke. Your secrets in Kubernetes are not actually secrets. There is always better approaches to store the secrets inside cloud environments. Your platform team or DevOps team members, they should be able to setup them inside your microservice network. With this, I'm assuming your super clear on how to create a config map inside Kubernetes cluster. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.