Finally, we can deploy all our microservices into Kubernetes cluster. So let's get started with the deployment. For the same, I'm going to run the command, which is kubectl apply, after apply, I'm going to mention -f and what is the file name? The file name is going to be 1_keycloak.yaml first here I'm trying to set up my keycloak service, so let me execute this command and behind the scenes this is going to create my keycloak service. The next file that I want to execute here is the second file which is related to the configmaps.yaml. . And here you may have question like we already created the config map in the previous lectures. Why I'm trying to recreate again. So here I want to show you the demo. Like if you try to provide the same instructions to the Kubernetes, it is smart enough to detect there are no new changes and it is going to give an output saying that unchanged. That means there is nothing changed. And I'm not doing anything based upon your instructions. So this is one of the beauty of Kubernetes. Now let's try to go and create config server. For the same, I'm going to apply the third file, which is configserver.yaml. Do you know what is the change inside the config server compared to the previous deployment that we have done? We have changed the image name from S14 to S12, so that's why if I try to execute this command, you can see I'm getting an output saying that the new deployment is configured based upon the new image name, whereas the service related to config server unchanged because there is no new change inside my config server service. So behind the scenes my config server might have setup. We can confirm the same by going to the Kubernetes dashboard. Here inside my Kubernetes dashboard under default namespace, as of now I have two deployments running, so if I try to click on these pods and open this config server, I can see the logs of my config server and this should be some statement saying that successfully started my config server. Always make sure you are deployment is completed successfully before you try to apply the next set of instructions in the Kubernetes cluster. So once we make sure that config server is successfully set up as a next step, I'm going to apply the Kubernetes manifest file related to Eureka Server and this is going to deploy my Eureka server into the Kubernetes cluster. So let me check the pods related to the Eureka Server and post that I'm going to click on this logs. As of now, you can see it is still getting started. So let's wait for a few seconds here. After few seconds I got the log saying that my Eureka server successfully started. As a next step, I'll make sure I am deploying the instructions related to the accounts microservice, with the help of this 5_accounts.yaml post that I'll also do the deployment of 6th file which is 6_Launch.yaml followed by 7th file which is related to cards microservice. So once you have applied these accounts, loans and cards, please wait for these containers to get started completely post that only you can start the gateway server. So here you may have a question like inside Docker compose we are able to achieve these depends on automatically with the help of health checks. But unfortunately Kubernetes does not have any direct approaches or easy approaches to define the interdependency between your Kubernetes services. That's why whenever we are trying to start a microservice, we need to make sure all the dependent services of that particular microservice is all started. Otherwise nothing wrong is going to happen. Your container will keep trying to restart multiple times and eventually your deployment will be successful. So just to avoid that inconvenience, we can wait for these microservices to start completely. I can confirm if the microservices they started successfully or not by going to the Eureka dashboard, you can see all the three microservices they registered with the Eureka Server. As a next step, I can try to set up the last file which is related to Gateway Server. So this will deploy my gateway server also into the Kubernetes cluster. In real production applications, your operations team members or DevOps team members, they will use some advanced approaches to deploy your microservices in an predefined order. But for now, as a developer, we don't need to understand all of them because inside this course we are not focusing on Kubernetes concepts. We are simply focusing on how to build microservices. Let me try to refresh this page. Like you can see, my Gateway server also registered successfully/ As a next step, I can go to the postman and I can try to test the scenarios. Before that, we need to make sure inside the keycloak we have created client details which we can use to get the token and the same we can send the gateway server. For the same, let me access the port, which is 7080 where my keycloak service is exposed. I'm going to click on this administration console, the username is going to be admin and the password is going to be the admin and post that I'll go to clients here I'll click on this create client and I'll enter the client ID as easybank-callcenter-cc post that I'll click on this next followed by enabling client authentication and disabling standard flow direct access grants. And at last I'll enable the service account roles and click on this next followed by next. And at last I will take the credentials and copy them and mention them inside my postman so that I can try to get an access token. And once we have created this client details, we should also create the roles for this client. So let me click on this Create role and create the roles which is accounts, once this role is created, I'm going to create one more role, which is cards. After the cards role, I'm going to create one more role, which is loans. So with this, we have created all the required roles. As a next step, I should go to the clients and open our client that we have created. Here I'll click on this service account roles and try to assign the roles that we have created to our client, which is easybank-callcenter-cc. So let me click on this assign, with this we set up everything on the Keycloak side. Here first, I'll try to get an access token by using the secret that we have pasted previously. So here I'm trying to click on this get new access token. I got a new access token and I'll use the same and post that I'll click on this send button and with that I will get an unsuccessful response saying that account details are successfully created. Now, very similarly, I will try to create the cards, but before that let me copy the secret value. The same secret value. I'll also try to mention under cards request. Once I have pasted the client secret, I will try to get an access token and post that I'm going to click on the send button and with that I'll get an response saying that cards details are created successfully. Let me do the same for loans microservice as well. First, let me mention the correct secret value here and post that I'm going to click on this get new access token followed by using the token and click on this send button. And now you can see I got a successful response. As a last step, I will go and check if I'm able to fetch all these records by invoking these fetchCustomerDetails available against accounts microservice. Since this is a get operation, we don't need to pass any authentication information. We can simply click on this send button. You can see I'm getting a customer not found with a given mobile number. Let me check what is the mobile number that I have considered to create the account. So the mobile number that I have considered here is 688. So let me mention the same. Once I have updated the mobile number, I can click on the send button and this will give me all the details like accounts, but loans and cards I'm getting null. Seems I have used a different mobile number there. So here I have used six, eight, seven. Let me try to create the details with the help of 688 I'm getting an unauthorized. I should get a new access token post that I'll use that and click on the send button. Let me do the same for loans microservice also. Here first, I'll try to get an new access token post that using the same, I will try to send the request. Before that, let me update the mobile number to six double and click on this send button. Now let me invoke this fetchCustomerDetails API. This time I should get complete details like accounts, loans and cards. This confirms all our deployments are working perfectly inside Kubernetes cluster. This is nothing new or nothing exciting compared to what we have done with the help of Docker Containers and Docker Compose. I agree with you. I'm going to show you the magic of Kubernetes in the coming lectures. But before that, we need to make sure we are aware about all these basics and we set up all our microservices inside the Kubernetes cluster. Before closing this lecture, let me highlight to you that I have provided all the instructions on how to create a Kubernetes manifest file for various scenarios. For example, to create a config map, you can always refer to this slide. And very similarly, if you want to deploy a container with the help of deployment object, you can always refer this slide on how to build Kubernetes manifest file to deploy a container. So inside these slides I have explained about the purpose of each and every element that we have defined inside the Kubernetes manifest files. After the deployment instructions I also mentioned all the instructions related to how to define a service or how to expose our container with the help of Service object inside Kubernetes. Here also I have two different slides explaining all the elements of Service related configurations. And at last I also have a slide explaining you about how the link between your deployment and Service objects are going to be established by your Kubernetes. Like you can see here, the binding between your accounts deployment and account service is happening with the help of label app that we have created. So here under the deployment metadata, I have mentioned the labels app as accounts, the same label value I need to mention under the specification selector of Service object. So the value of app is going to be same. Here we are using the same name, which is accounts and accounts. So as of now here you can see in the screenshot I'm using the cluster IP that means I don't want to expose my microservices to the outside of the cluster. In coming lectures, we are going to have a detailed explanation about LoadBalancer, cluster IP and when to go with a specific service type. So with this, I'm assuming you are super, super clear and confident to write your own Kubernetes manifest files based upon your requirements. If not, don't worry, you don't need to be a master of writing Kubernetes manifest files as long as you are able to understand the manifest files provided by your DevOps team, then you should be good with that knowledge. You should be able to easily debug any kind of production issues inside your microservice network. More magic about Kubernetes we are going to explore in the coming lectures. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.