As of now, we deployed all our microservices into Kubernetes cluster. As a next step inside this lecture, I'm going to show you the self-healing capability of Kubernetes, which means whenever Kubernetes is seeing that a specific container is not working properly or it is completely down, then immediately, Kubernetes will try to self heal the container by recreating a new container in the place of defective container. So I'm going to show you the demo of self-healing inside this lecture for the same let me go to the terminal. Inside my terminal, first I want to execute a command which is kubectl get replicaset. We all know inside the deployment instructions we have defined how many replicas we want to maintain for our containers. You can quickly check here inside all the manifest files that we have created. We have mentioned the replicas as one, the same replica information we can try to see by running this command, which is kubectl get replicaset. So let me run this command and you should be able to see replica sets for all your deployments, like for accounts, cards, config server, Eureka server, Gateway server, keycloak and loans. Against each of the replicaset, there is a desired state and what is the current state and how many containers are ready to serve to the client applications. So based upon this replica set, always my Kubernetes will try to maintain desired number of containers. If you can go and execute the command, which is kubectl get pods like you can see here, there is a single pod for each of my deployment because my desired replica is two. Now, as a next step, I can try to increase the number of replicas for accounts microservice and I'll show you what is going to happen. So to increase the replicas, we just have to go to the accounts.yaml and in the place of replicas we have to mention value to post that I'm going to save this file. Now here I'll try to run the command which is kubectl apply -f 5_accounts.yaml. So as soon as I tried to run this command, my Kubernetes is smart enough to detect the changes right now that I have made in the Yaml file. Now if I go and run the get replica set command this time for accounts deployment, you should be able to see the desired as two and current is two and the ready also two. We can also confirm the same by running the command which is kubectl get pods and there should be two parts for your accounts microservice. One is which is created 99 minutes back and the second one is which is created 27 seconds back. That means the second pod here is the latest pod that is created to match our desired state. So now the story is all going well as an excerpt to show you the self-healing capability of Kubernetes, I'm going to delete the one of the pod of accounts microservice manually, and with that, my desired status will not match with the current status. So what Kubernetes will do behind the scenes, it will try to create a new accounts microservice instance. So all these steps we can see in the demo. So before that, let me clean the console and I'll try to run the command, which is kubectl, get pods and post that to delete the pod, the command that I need to run is, Kubectl delete pod and what is a pod name. So I'm going to delete the new pod that got created. So let me copy this pod name and mention the same here and post that I'm going to run this command. Like you can see now my pod is deleted. Now let me go and see what is happening in the get replicaset. So the replicaset is right now is showing the current value as two. Because behind the scenes now if I try to run the get pods, a new part might have created automatically. You can see just 20s before a new pod of accounts microservice is created. That means my Kubernetes always putting the efforts to match my desired state with the current state. So this is the beauty of Kubernetes. We can't achieve this self-healing capability with Docker or Docker Compose. That's why we should always look for container orchestration products like Kubernetes. So these products, they will always keep an eye on the running containers. And if any of the container has some health issues, they always going to take an action to make your desired state and current state matches with each other. I can also show you what happened behind the scenes whenever we deleted a pod. For the same, let me clean the console and post that I'm going to run a command which is kubectl get events. So I want to get all the events happened behind the scenes inside my Kubernetes cluster by sorting all of them based upon the Create timestamp. So let me try to execute this command. So here, let's try to see what are the last two events. So if you see here, this is the event where I tried to kill my pod. That's why you are able to see there is a value killing here. As soon as I killed my pod manually behind the scenes, immediately my Kubernetes tried to create a new part. And that's why we're able to see an output as successfully create. And here also we have a message saying that create pod accounts deployment. So now you should be able to see all the events properly here because I reduced the font size of my terminal. So these are the two events that I'm talking. This confirms that Kubernetes is capable of self-healing regardless of how many containers and how many microservices you have inside your Kubernetes cluster. Your cluster is going to take care of all your containers and make sure they are always running in a good, healthy status. I hope you are clear. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.