Inside this lecture, I'm going to show you one more feature of Kubernetes, which is how to deploy your new changes into Kubernetes cluster without any downtime. And at the same time, if you face any issues with your new changes, you can easily roll back without any downtime or manual efforts. But before that, let me clear the terminal. Now I'm going to set the number of replicas for my accounts microservice to one, because in the previous lecture we said the replicas to two. Now I want to roll back to one so that I will not face any memory issues inside my local system. So whenever we want to update the replicas for a particular microservice or for a particular deployment instructions, there are two approaches. One approach we already saw in the previous lecture, which is directly updating the replicas value here inside your Kubernetes manifest file. But this time I'm not going to follow this approach. I'm going to show you a different approach. And this approach is to run a command, which is kubectl scale deployment and what is the deployment name of your accounts microservice. The accounts microservice deployment name is accounts - deployment. And once you have mentioned that deployment name, you need to pass a flag which is replicas, to these replicas I'm going to pass a value which is one. So with this, I'm trying to scale my account deployment to a replica value one. So as soon as I execute this command, now I should be able to see only one part of my accounts microservice. I can also show you that. So under the get pods you can see as of now I have only one accounts related part. We can also confirm the same by running the kubectl get replica set and here you can see for accounts deployment the desired is one and the current is one. So you can follow any of the approach that we have discussed, but always make sure you are also updating the Yaml file because in future whenever you try to apply this file then the replicas will become true. That's why it is always recommended to maintain correct value inside your accounts.yaml as well. So that's what I'm trying to do here. So I roll back from 2 to 1. So now as a next step, I want to show you the demo of how to deploy a new change into the Kubernetes cluster without any downtime. For the same, I'm going to select the Gateway Server Microservice. As of now, if I try to run the command, which is Kubectl, describe Pod and what is the pod name of Gateway Server? So this is the pod name of Gateway Server. Let me copy this value and mention the same here. So if I try to run this command, you can see as of now, my pod of gateway server is using the Docker image, which is easybytes, gatewayserver s12, which means right now our container is using the tag of S12. So think like I want to deploy my gateway server without any security. As of now, my gateway server always expects a access token whenever we try to invoke any post API or update or delete APIs. So for the same, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to deploy a new image into my gateway server. So as of now we are using S12. S12 means, inside the section12 we have the changes related to Oauth2, whereas inside the section11 we don't have any security related changes. So I'll simply update the tag from S12 to S11. So how to do that? There are two ways. One is by simply updating the image name inside your Kubernetes manifest file. The other approach is you can also issue a kubectl command. So let's try to issue the same. So I want to run a command from my terminal. So before I try to run this command, let me clean that terminal. And the command that I want to run is, kubectl set image for the deployment with the name Gateway Server - deployment inside this Gateway server deployment, I have a container with the name Gateway server. If you see inside the gateway.yaml, we have given the container name as gateway server the same container name we have to use inside the kubectl command. So for this gateway server container, I want to set a new image which is eazybytes/gatewayserver, colon s11 and post that I'm going to give a flag, which is record. With this record I'm telling to my Kubernetes cluster to record the reason on why we are deploying a new image. But before I try to run this command, I will intentionally give a invalid image. Instead of S11 I'll give S111 and this image is not available inside my Docker hub or inside my local system. So let's try to see what is going to happen. So you can see we got an output saying that deployment image update. But if I go and check the all the pods, here you can see the Kubernetes tried to create a new part of Gateway server, but it has a status saying that error image pull that means it is not able to pull the image. The beauty that I want you to observe here is, my Kubernetes cluster did not disturb the the other running pod because first my Kubernetes want to validate whether it is able to set up with the new image that we have provided post validating the same and post my pod is successfully set up then only it is going to terminate the other running containers of Gateway server. If you have three different gateway server containers, it is not going to kill all of them at once. It is incrementally going to create multiple parts of your gateway server with the latest image and post that only it is going to terminate and delete the previous old pods. So I hope you are seeing the beauty here now as a next step this time I'm going to give the correct image name, which is S11, So let me try to execute this command along with the record flag. As soon as I run this command, I can go and check my get pods and you should be able to see there is a new container is getting created. If I keep try to run this command at some point of time, this pod which we are trying to create, will have a status of running. So let me try to run the command of get pods again. So you can see right now the new pod has status as running, which is having a age of 41 seconds, whereas the old pod, which has an age of one 132 minutes, it is getting terminated. So my Kubernetes is terminating my old pod only when the new pod is set up successfully. If you have 50 different instances of your gateway server, Kubernetes cluster is going to deploy your new changes in an incremental fashion so that your customers will not have any downtime. I hope this is clear. Whenever we want to deploy new changes into Kubernetes cluster, we can use this command. But please note that since this record flag is deprecated and soon it may get removed when you try to run this command, if you are getting some error due to this record flag, you can simply remove this record flag and execute the remaining command and it should work perfectly without any issues. Now, as a next step, I can try to clean the console and run the command which is related to kubectl get events. That's where we can see what are all the events happened behind the scenes. If you try to see the list of events happened here first, my Kubernetes cluster tried to pull a new image with the tag S11. Post that it tried to schedule a new pod with the name that is ending with xzjdk. Here you can see the status changed to pulled. That means the image name is completely pulled into this pod and using the same image name, it tried to create the container and eventually it start. And in the same process it also killed the old pod and all the containers inside the old pod. Now we can try to validate if we are able to invoke Gateway Server without any security. For the same, here inside my postman there is a request with the name Accounts_Post_NoAuth . I'm going to open that. Here I'm not providing any authentication details. I'm simply going to invoke my gateway server and you can see I'm getting a successful response without any authentication. That means our new changes are deployed successfully into the Kubernetes cluster. Now let's try to assume like there are some issues with the new changes that we have deployed. We want to roll back to the previous working state of my gateway server, which is to the S12 tag from the S11. So let's try to understand how to do the same. So here inside my terminal, I'm going to first run a command which will show you the rollout history that happened for the deployment with the name gateway server - deployment. So if I try to execute this, you'll be able to see the revisions are the rollout history happened for all the deployments that we tried. So first you can see there was a first revision like where we initially deployed our Gateway server post that in the second revision we tried to give an invalid tag name which has S111. So this second revision is also defective. We don't want to go back to the revision two and right now we are using the revision three because inside the revision three only we are using the gateway server tag, which is S11. Now think like I want to go back to the previous working revision, which is one, the command that I can run is kubectl rollout undo deployment and what is the deployment name, which is Gateway server - deployment and to which revision I want to rollback. I want to roll back to the revision one. So as soon as I try to execute this command, the rollback operation will get initiated. I can also confirm by looking at the get pods. You can see, right now I have a pod with the name Gateway Server successfully created just 9 seconds back. The other pod got deleted behind the scenes. Now, if I try to see the image name against this pod name by using the command which is kubectl, describe pod and what is the pod name? So this time you should be able to see the pod name, which is S12. So here you can see the image name has S12. So this confirms that our rollback operation is also successful. As of now, we have only one container running. And this may look very simple for you, but think like if you have 100 instances of gateway server running inside your Kubernetes cluster, all the rollback are rolling out of the new changes is going to take care by your Kubernetes cluster automatically. We as an admin of Kubernetes cluster, we just have to issue a command. So now we can go to the postman and try to test accounts, create operation without providing any authentication details. This time I should get an 401 error because we have pointed to a new tag, which is S12 that's why I'm getting a 401 unauthorized error. I hope you are completely clear on how we did the rolling of the new changes and rolling back of the same to the previous working version automatically with the help of Kubernetes cluster. Very similarly, Kubernetes is also capable of auto scaling your containers automatically based upon some requirements that you have defined. Your Kubernetes admins they can create an object of horizontal pod auto scaling. With this object, they can define the requirements that I want to auto scale my pods based upon some memory or CPU utilization of the pod. This way, based upon the traffic that is coming towards your microservices, the number of containers are going to be automatically scaled up or scaled down by the Kubernetes cluster. I'm not going to show you the auto scaling feature of Kubernetes inside this course. The reason is this is super advanced topic. Your Kubernetes admins usually take care of this inside the production cluster, but if you are interested on how to do this, please read these official documentation. The reason why I'm not showing this inside this course is, this required a lot of discussion around Kubernetes cluster, which I don't want to do because this is simply microservice course but not the Kubernetes course. Now, before I try to close this lecture, let me show you a funny meme image. So this is a funny image and this image is showing you the relation between your deployment replicaset pod and container in a funny manner. First, we'll give all our instructions or specifications with the help of deployment object, the same deployment object behind the scenes. It is going to create the replicaset based upon the number of replicas that we have mentioned. So if I try to mention replicas as 2 or 5, my replica set is going to create so many pods behind the scenes. So if my replica set has value as two, it is going to create two parts. And inside these two parts the actual microservice container will get deployed. I hope you like this funny image. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.