As of now, we deployed all our microservices with the service type as LoadBalancer. Previously I told you that on high level LoadBalancer will expose all your microservices to the outside world, like all the applications who are staying outside of your cluster also, they can access your microservices. The same type LoadBalancer we have mentioned in all the microservices like under loans also, we have mentioned the same for Cards, for Gateway, for Eureka, for Keycloak and for config server. In all the places we have mentioned these type as LoadBalancer. But do you think this is a correct approach to expose all our services to outside of the cluster? Off course not, because all the clients who are trying to communicate with our microservice, they should only communicate through the gateway server, which is going to act as an edge server inside our microservice network. So we should only make our gateway server as a load balancer and all the remaining microservices, we should not use the LoadBalancer. But before we try to do that, we need to understand what are the other options that we have to expose our microservices within Kubernetes cluster or to outside of the Kubernetes cluster. So let's try to understand the same inside this lecture. Like you can see here inside Kubernetes, these are the three mostly are majorly used service types and these services are cluster IP nodeport and load balancer. As of now, we are using only LoadBalancer. So every microservice developer should aware about these three service types at a bare minimum, because without knowing the service type, the microservice developer cannot really understand how to expose a microservice to the outside of the cluster or within the cluster. So that's why we are going to do some good amount of discussion around these three service types. So the very first service type that I want to discuss here is cluster IP service type. So if you don't mention the service type inside your Kubernetes manifest file, then this is that default service that Kubernetes is going to consider. The name itself is self-explanatory. Whenever we are using ClusterIP service, the Kubernetes cluster is going to create an internal IP address that can be used for the internal communication within the Kubernetes cluster. So whenever we don't want to expose our microservice to the outside world or to the outside of the Kubernetes cluster, then we should use the cluster IP service. So here in the slide I clearly highlighted someone trying to send the external traffic and that is strictly not allowed because for the outside people, whatever cluster IP that we are going to get, it is not going to make any sense to them. They will simply get not reachable or unknown IP address, whereas other microservices or other applications within your container. They can try to communicate with your microservice with the help of cluster IP. So let's try to take an example of accounts microservice itself. If you see here under the service.yaml manifest file, I have mentioned the service type as ClusterIP. Under ports I have mentioned the port as 80 and the target port as 8080. So whenever we mention the target port as 8080, that means my accounts microservice is going to start at the port 8080 inside my accounts related pod but it is going to be exposed to the other clients inside the Kubernetes cluster at the Port 80. So that's why if you see here, I have two pods of accounts because I have mentioned the replicas as two. And inside these two parts, I have two different accounts microservices are running and both of them are started at the port, 8080. Usually these pods will be deployed in two different worker nodes. Like here I have worker node one and worker node two. But if you see here, whoever want to communicate with my accounts microservice, they should use the ClusterIP that is generated by the Kubernetes cluster or they can use the service name that we have mentioned inside the service Kubernetes manifest file. Along with the service name at the ClusterIP, . they should also forward the request at the Port 80 because we exposed all our accounts microservice related containers to the other applications inside the Kubernetes cluster at the Port 80. If needed you can also mention the port value as 8080, which is same as your target port or your container port. So if you see the beauty of Kubernetes here, suppose think like some other application inside your Kubernetes cluster is trying to send the internal traffic at Port 80 using ClusterIP or using service name. In this scenario, the Kubernetes is going to do the load balancing behind the scenes it will decide to which pod the request has to send. And once this decision took by the Kubernetes cluster, it is going to forward the request to the corresponding pod. So my other application inside the Kubernetes cluster, who is trying to invoke the accounts microservice, they don't have to know what is the actual pod or what is the actual worker node where my accounts microservice is deployed, they will simply invoke with the help of ClusterIP or with the help of service name, which is accounts. I hope you are clear about ClusterIP, so we should make all our microservices accept gateway server to use ClusterIP so that they are not exposed to the outside of the Kubernetes cluster. And this is one of the way of securing our microservices from the external traffic. So no unauthenticated user or unauthorized user, they can access our microservices if you make them as CusterIP service. Now let's try to understand the next service that we have, which is NodePort service. So whenever you mention that type as NodePort behind the scenes, the Kubernetes is going to automatically expose your container at a randomly generated NodePort, which is in the range of 30,000 to 32,767. . So let's try to deep dive into these NodePort service. Like you can see here, whenever we want to use the NodePort under the service manifest file, we need to mention the type as NodePort. And along with that you can mention what is a port, what is the target port and mentioning the NodePort value is completely optional. If you don't mention node port value, then a randomly generated node port value will be considered by the Kubernetes cluster. Here inside the service manifest file, I have mentioned the node port as 32593. That's why you can see both of my accounts microservices are exposed at the node port 32593. So this NodePort service will be exposed on top of the ClusterIP service. So if you try to understand first my accounts microservice are deployed at the port 8080 in 2 different worker nodes and using the cluster IP it exposed at the port 80. Now since I have mentioned the service type as NodePort, my Kubernetes cluster is going to accept the external traffic at the NodePort value that we have defined, which is 32593. So whoever wants to send a traffic to my accounts microservice first they should know that, what are the IP addresses are worker nodes that we have inside our Kubernetes cluster. So let's assume one of the external client application. They want to consume my accounts microservice. So then they need to send that traffic to the IP address of the worker node one or worker node two and post the IP address, they should mention the NodePort value, which is 32593. So once the traffic is received at this node port, my Kubernetes cluster is going to forward that request to the cluster IP address at the service name that we have defined. And from the cluster IP, the load balancing will distribute between the two different parts available in two different worker nodes. But there is a drawback here with this NodePort service, my external client applications, they should know what is the IP addresses of worker node one or worker Node two. Suppose think like there is a scenario. One of the worker node has some issues, then Kubernetes automatically can kill that worker node. And in the place of that worker node, it is going to bring a new worker node. That means it is going to get a new IP address. So in this kind of scenarios, the client applications should always update their worker node details or IP address details. So that's why most of the people, they don't use this NodePort service. Instead they will go to the LoadBalancer service. So let's try to understand how this is different from the NodePort. So this is very similar to NodePort, but on top of the NodePorts that we have exposed, the Kubernetes is going to provide you a load balancer. And this LoadBalancer will have a public IP address, which is never going to change until unless a Kubernetes admin is going to change. So the same public address can be mapped to a DNS name or to your domain name and to this domain name or to this public address. The client applications, they can send the traffic. So whenever my LoadBalancer, which is staying outside my Kubernetes cluster, is receiving the traffic, it will identify to which worker node it has to send the request. Suppose think like it decided to send the request to the worker node one. In that scenario, the request will be forwarded to the NodePort and from the node port the traffic will go to the ClusterIP and from ClusterIP it will eventually go to the accounts microservice container. So what is the advantage that we have with this Load Balancer? We can expose the traffic to the external world just like inside NodePort, but compared to NodePort LoadBalancer service has an advantage, which is it is going to provide a LoadBalancer, which is always going to have a public IP address which you can map to your domain name regardless of how many worker nodes you are trying to create inside your Kubernetes cluster or how many worker nodes you are trying to delete them. So regardless of whatever is happening inside your Kubernetes cluster, it is not going to impact your client application in any way because the LoadBalancer is always going to be static with the IP address at the domain name that you have mapped. And the same can be used by your client applications. And this LoadBalancer, whatever created by the Kubernetes cluster, it is always going to track what is happening inside the Kubernetes cluster. Right now I have two replicas of accounts microservice deployed into two worker nodes. If I try to increase the replicas to three, it may deploy it into another worker node. So all those details will be tracked by this LoadBalancer and the request accordingly will be distributed to the multiple worker nodes. With this, I'm assuming your super, super clear about the service types that we have inside the Kubernetes. Let's try to see the demo of these services in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.