Inside this lecture, let's try to see the demo of Kubernetes service types that we have discussed. So first, let's try to understand how we exposed our microservices. For the same, we can try to run the command, which is kubectl get services. If you see here, these are all the services that we have created, like for accounts microservice, we have given the service name as accounts and the type is LoadBalancer. So whenever we mention the LoadBalancer as a type, you should be able to see an external IP value. But since right now we have the cluster inside a local system, we have the external IP as localhost. Whereas if you see here there is an internal service exposed by the Kubernetes with the name Kubernetes itself and the type is ClusterIP. For this, the external IP is none and this is the internal cluster IP that other services they can use to communicate with the service with the name Kubernetes. Now going back to the accounts microservice, we have defined the type as LoadBalancer. And behind the scenes, like we discussed, whenever we define the LoadBalancer as a type, my Kubernetes is going to create a LoadBalancer with an external IP like localhost, and we can access that service at the port 8080 and behind the scenes it is going to listen at the node port, which is randomly generated in my case 30175. From this node port the request will go to the cluster IP from the cluster IP, it will go to the actual microservice container. We can also verify this behavior by directly accessing one of the API inside the accounts microservice. So inside the browser you can see I'm trying to access an API available inside the accounts microservice with the path localhost 8080 API contact-info. This will give the following response. If I try to refresh, you can see I'm getting a successful response. That means our accounts microservice is exposed to the outside of the cluster. So regardless of how many instances of accounts microservice I have deployed, I can always forward the request to this public IP and to this port number. And with that behind the scenes, my Kubernetes is going to take care of load balancing completely when we try to deploy a microservice with a LoadBalancer type into a cloud environment. Under the external IP, you'll be able to see a public IP address. So inside the cloud environment, whenever they're assigning a public IP address to your microservice, they're going to charge money because public IP address are not free inside any cloud environments. That's why for two reasons, we should avoid exposing our microservices with the help of LoadBalancer. The first reason is we need to secure our microservices so that no external clients, they can directly communicate with a microservice. They can always come through the edge server. And the second reason is public IP address are usually attract some cloud bill which we need to avoid If we have hundreds of microservices and if you try to expose them with a LoadBalancer type behind the scenes, your cloud provider is going to create 100 difference of LoadBalancer with a public IP address, which is going to attract a lot of bill. I hope you are clear with the LoadBalancer service type. This we are already using. That's why we didn't make any changes inside our Kubernetes manifest file. As a next step, I will try to make my accounts microservice as cluster IP by the same inside my accounts micro service Kubernetes manifest file. I'm going to change this type as cluster IP. So I and P has to be capital letters. Once I save this file, I will try to apply the same by using the command which is kubectl apply -f and what is the file name of your accounts Microservice. So now my Kubernetes will try to expose my service of accounts, microservice as a cluster IP. So let's try to execute the command, which is kubectl get services. So here you can see the accounts right now has a cluster IP and there is no external IP and any other application inside the cluster. If they want to communicate with my accounts microservice, they are going to use this service name, which is accounts are these cluster IP along with this cluster IP and service name. They need to forward the request or the port 8080. Now if I try to access the same API from my browser this time, I will not get any response. You can see I got an error saying that the site cannot be reached because my Kubernetes is not allowing the traffic into my Kubernetes cluster for these accounts microservice That's why we are not getting any response. As a next step, let's try to mention the service type as NodePort. Once we mention this  NodePort service type, you can see I'm not giving any node port value. I'm fine with a randomly generated node port value for this demo. So here I'm going to apply the file which is related to accounts microservice. Now If I try to see that get services output this time the accounts microservice has a service type as NodePort and it is exposed at the NodePort value which is 31182. Now if we want to access our accounts microservice from outside of the Kubernetes cluster, we need to send the traffic at this port which is 31182. So let's try to validate the same. So here inside my browser first I will try to send the traffic at the port 8080 and you should be able to see that we are not receiving any response. Now I will replace this port number with NodePort value which is 31182 and try to access the API. And this time you can see we are getting the successful response. That means I should be able to access my accounts microservice only through these NodePort that is exposed by my Kubernetes cluster. And in future, if my accounts microservice is deployed into different worker node, then then definitely the IP address will change and I may face some issues accessing this API. That's why it is always recommend to use LoadBalancer if you want to expose to the outside world or you can simply go with the cluster IP so that you will restrict all the external traffic from the outside world. So I'm going to roll back the service type as LoadBalancer in the coming sections when we try to deploy all the components like Kafka, Grafana components at the time. I'm going to change these types as cluster IP for all the microservices except Gateway Server. For now, I'll just keep this value as LoadBalancer. So that when you are getting started with the Kubernetes deployments, based upon our discussion inside this section, things will be clear for you. I hope you are super, super clear about this demo. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.