In the previous lectures, we have been talking about the book related data set and how to use the filter method, the sorted method, the map method, and how to put the results set into a list. In this lecture, we are going to deal with another problem. The first problem we are going to deal with is how to group these books based on the type. So we would like to end up with a hash map essentially where the keys are going to be. The types and the values are going to be list of items. So for example, there is just a single book associated with philosophy, and this is the Heidegger related book. There are three novels, as you can see. So when the key is equals to novel, the value is going to be an array list containing three books, the trial, then the death of Virgil and finally the Stranger. There are two books associated with history ancient Greece and ancient Rome and so on. Okay, so first of all, we have a map type as the key, and we have a list of book as the well use. These are the books by type. First of all, let's import java util map. First of all, we have to transform the books ArrayList into a stream and then we have to collect the items into collectors dot grouping by and we have to define the method reference. In this case, we would like to group by the get type method. Okay. So if we do something like this and finally we have the books by type, we have the entry set, we transform it into a stream and then we consider all the items with for each and we print out these items. Okay, so we have something like this. Okay? So if we save it and we run the application, then we have as many rows as the number of types. You may guess that there are five possible types. We have defined as an enum, but of course not all the types are used. Okay, so we have a single book associated with Thaler. We have two books associated with history. We have three books associated with novel, and we have a single book associated with philosophy. By the way, you may guess that this as a Lambda expression, is the same as using system out and println with the method reference. So the double column operator. So this is going to be exactly the same. OC So this is how we can group by a given parameter. This is how we can do quite complicated operations quite easily with the help of streams. Okay, so this is grouping by type. And let's take a look at another example we have finding to arbitrary longest books. So based on the number of pages, of course. So we have a list and we are going to return with the string longest books. First of all, we have to transform the books into a stream as usual. Then we have to filter and we have to make sure that the get page is is larger than 500. So the longest books with more than 500 pages, then we want to use a map because instead of the books we would like to get back the strings. So we have books that get title, so we reference the title of the given book. Finally, we limit the solution to two because we want to find the arbitrary two longest books and finally we would like to collect so collectors dot to list. We would like to put the result into a list. Okay. And finally, instead of printing out the hash map we use the longest books, we transform it into a stream. We iterate through all the items and we print out the value OC So we reference the print line method. If we save and run the application, then we have being given time and we have ancient Rome. And if we take a look at the dataset, there are four books where the number of pages are larger than 500. We have Heidegger, we have Ancient Rome, we have Death of Virgil and we have the Stranger and we select the. First two items with the help of the limit method. Okay, so this is why we have this result set. Essentially at the beginning, all the items are in the stream of books. Then we use the so called filter method and we keep the items where the number of pages is larger than 500. The result is, again, a stream of books. Then we use a map that is going to change the type we are dealing with. So as you can see, we are dealing with a stream of books, but after the map operation we are going to get the titles as a string and we use the limit method. So we keep the first two items and finally we use the collect method and we put the items into a list of strings. Okay, So this is exactly what's happening under the hood. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about the fundamental differences between external iteration and internal iteration. Thanks for watching.