In this lecture. We are going to talk a bit more about the map method and the flat map method. Okay. So the map method is very similar to selecting a given column in school. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures that instead of dealing with book, we would like to deal with the title of the given book. So essentially we would like to select just a single feature, like a single column in SQL. Okay. So just for demonstration purposes, let's calculate the number of characters in a one dimensional array of strings. So for example, we have a list of string. These are the words arrays that adds list. And here we can define, for example, Adam and for example, Danielle. And what we want to do is that we would like to return with the list containing the number of characters. So in this case, the list is going to contain four, three and six, because there are four characters in Adam, three characters in Anna and six characters in Danielle. So what do we have to do? Essentially, first, we have to transform the list into a stream. Then we have to call the map method. And essentially we would like to call the string length method on every single item. So essentially this is a string, and we can call the length method that's going to return with the number of characters. Then we have to do the same operation on the second item, the third item, and so on. Then we have to collect into collectors dot to list and finally we have to call the four each and we would like to call the system out and print a land method. Okay? So if we save and run the algorithm, then as you can see, we end up with four, three and six. So these are the number of characters. And of course the result is a list of integers. These are going to be the length and of course we are not going to use the for each. And after we get this list, then we can use the length, we transform it into a stream and then we use the for each system dot out and we reference the print line method. So this is going to be the same result. But in this case we have the list of integers because this is what we are after the number of characters associated with every word. So this is another application of the map method. Then we can define a list of integers. These are the numbers. Let's define arrays dot as list. And here we define one, two, three and four. So we would like to create a list containing the squared values. So the original values are one, two, three and four. And we would like to assign the squared value to every single integer. So the result will be one, four, nine and 16. So what do we have to do? We have nums, we have streams, so we transform the numbers array into a stream. Then we call the map method and essentially we are going to multiply every single value with itself. And then we call the collect method on the collectors dot to list. And finally we iterate through and print out the values. So system out and print. And this is going to be the reference method. Okay? So if we save and we run the application, we are not going to print out the number of characters just for demonstration purposes. We print out the squared values one, four, nine and 16. So this is another application of the map method. So what's crucial that we can transform the original values as we want? Okay, so let's take a look at when to use flat map. So for example, let's assume that we have the word hello and we have the word shell and we want to get all the unique characters. And of course the result is H, then e, L, then O and S. Of course there are multiple L characters and of course we are after the unique characters. So this is why we don't need all the L characters and there are multiple age characters, so this is going to be the result. Okay, so if we want to do something like this, first of all, we can define the words. Sorry. Hello and shall. Then of course we can use arrays dot stream and we have to define the array and then we can call the map method. We just have to split every single word. So if we do something like this, then essentially every single string is going to be split into independent characters. H e ll o. This is exactly what we are after. And then we can call the distinct method that's going to return a stream consisting of the distinct elements according to the object equals method. Okay, so we can call something like this, then we can collect collectors dot to list. This is how we can get the result as a list of strings. These are going to be the unique characters. So this is how we will get the unique characters. And of course there's going to be the problem type mismatch cannot convert from list string, array to list string. So the problem is that first we are dealing with two strings We have Hello and we have shall whenever we call the map method. So as you can see, we call the map method and essentially we split every single string into independent characters. Then it is going to work fine, but we end up with a stream of string arrays. So the first string array contains the independent characters of the first word, and the second array contains all the independent characters of the second string. So essentially, somehow we have to merge these two arrays of strings. So instead of two independent arrays, we should get a single array containing all the letters of the first string and the second string. And this is why flat map method came to be that maps each array not with the stream, but with the contents of that stream. So essentially it is going to transform a one dimensional array containing two independent arrays into a single one dimensional array. So as you can see, instead of having the first independent one dimensional array with values one, three and five, and the second one dimensional array with values five and 13, we are going to end up with just a single one dimensional array with all the integers one, three, five, five and 13. So essentially this is exactly what we can achieve with the help of flat map. Okay, so what do we have to do With the help of the map method, we are going to end up with two independent arrays. So we have to call the flat map and we would like to use arrays stream. So we would like to transform these two independent arrays into a single array of characters. And then we can call the distinct method that's going to select the unique characters exclusively. And finally, we collect these items into a list. So if we do something like this, it is going to work just fine, as you can see. So the compile time error is gone and then we can use unique dot stream and then we can for each system out and we reference the print line method. So if we do something like this, then the characters are h e ll o s. So as you can see, this is exactly what we are looking for. Okay, so we have started with the two independent strings. Hello and shall. With the help of the map method, we have created two independent arrays of characters and then with the help of the flat map method, we have managed to end up with a stream of strings. So this is exactly what we can do. With the help of flat map, we can get the content of the stream. So this is how we can end up with a stream of strings. And of course, as you may guess, every single character is going to be a string. Then, with the help of the distinct method, we can keep the unique characters exclusively. And of course, the result is a stream of strings as well. And finally, with the help of the collect method, we can end up with the list containing the unique characters exclusively. hel0. S. And this is exactly what we get. Oh, so this is how we can use a map and flat map methods. Thanks for watching.