In this lecture, we are going to take a look at another example, how to run a given algorithm in parallel. Okay, So we are going to save a large amount of files and we will compare the sequential approach and the parallel approach. So first of all, let's create a new class person. We are going to store personal objects. So just for demonstration purposes, we have a person ID and of course it is going to be an integer. Okay? And let's create so right click source, generate the constructor using the person ID. And then of course, we have to generate the getters and setters. So right click source generate getters and setters for the person ID of course, because we are going to store the person objects in files. This is why we have to make sure that it is a self realizable so the person clause implements the set realizable interface and of course we can order the default serial version ID as well. Okay. So this is going to be the person class. So let's create a class parallel, save Operation Java with the main method. Then we can define a public static final string directory which is equal to the system. Get property. It gets the system property indicated by the specified key. So we have the user directory and we create a subfolder called test. So what does it mean that we are going to create a large number of person objects and we are going to store these person objects in the test folder? Okay. So first of all, we have to create the directory itself. So we have files that create directories and we have the path dot get. And here we define the directory and this is how we create the directory we have defined here. Of course we have to handle the input output exception. So just for demonstration purposes we add throws to the main method, then we instantiate the class itself. So we have the application as a new parallel save operation. Then we generate a large number of person objects. So we have a list of person objects. These are going to be the people we are going to save and we create a method, generate people, and just for demonstration purposes, we generate 100,000 people. Okay, So first we have to import the Java dot util list and then let's create this method. Okay, So this is going to return with the list of person and we are going to generate an odd number of person objects. So we return with stream and then we can call the iterate method that returns an infinite sequential order stream produced by an iterative application of a function F to an initial element seed. So there is going to be an initial element zero and of course we increment the values by one in every single iteration. So that's called the input number. Okay. So this is how we generate the value zero one, two, three, four. Then we have to tell Java that the limit is equal to the number. So essentially we would like to generate these incremented integers up to the number and then we would like to call the map method. And of course in every single iteration we return with a new person and X is going to define the ID of that given person. And finally we can call collect collectors dot to list. So let's import the collectors. Okay, so essentially we are going to generate as many person objects as the value of the number. So we create an iteration starting with zero in every iteration. We increment the value by one limit and which means that we are going to generate these incremented integers up to the number. And of course, in every single iteration we create a new person object and we store them in a list. So this is what we want to do. We would like to generate as many person objects as the value of the number. Okay. And then let's create a method private, static void save that's going to take a person object. And of course we have to save that given person object to the given directory. So we have a try. BLOCK who we catch. IO exception as exception. And of course, if we catch that given exception, then we print out the stack trace. What's crucial that we can instantiate a new file output stream right after try, which means that Java is going to handle the closed operation so we don't have to close these streams because Java is going to do it automatically. So we have a file output stream. First of all, we have to import java IO. File output stream is equal to a new file output stream. And of course we have to define new file. So essentially where to save those given objects we are going to save. So we have a new file starting with the directory because we are going to save all the objects to the test folder and then we are going to use the person ID as the name of the files. We are going to take a look at it, don't worry. And of course these are going to be text files. Okay, so this is what we try to do. We try to instantiate a new file output stream. If there is an exception, then we print the stack trace and Java is going to handle the close operation. Okay, so let's see the sequential algorithm. First we have to define the start time, which is equal to the system, current time. Millis. Then we have the people dot stream. This is going to be a sequential stream dot for each, and then we call the parallel save Operation Save. So essentially this is how we call this save operation on every single person object. And as you can see, we are going to create 100,000 objects. So we consider every single object one by one, and then we save it in a sequential manner. And finally, we print out that time taken with the sequential approach and we get the current time minus the start time. Okay. So this is the sequential approach, and the parallel approach is going to be very similar. Okay. We have already defined the start variable, so we initialize it with the actual time. Then instead of a stream, we create a parallel stream. So essentially we are going to use parallel algorithm and time taken with the parallel algorithm and we print out the actual time minus the start. And of course this is how we can measure the difference in the running times. So if we save and run the algorithm, then hopefully it is going to work fine. So let's wait for the sequential approach to finish with the calculation. As you can see, it takes approximately 7000 milliseconds, so approximately 7 seconds, and the parallel approach takes 680 milliseconds. So approximately half a second. Okay. So we can come to the conclusion that the parallel approach is approximately ten times faster than the sequential approach. So when we are dealing with files and input output operations, then parallelism is definitely a good idea. By the way, you can check the test folder and as you can see, we have zero point to XD one dot text 2.3 XD. So this is exactly what we have generated here. We generated person objects with ID zero one, two, three, four and so on. And when we have saved those objects, then we get the person ID and we have used text files. So this is why we have the output, something like this. And of course there is going to be 100,000 items. Okay. So as you can see, this is the last item about the first item has index zero. So all together there are 100,000 items. Okay. So this is another example for parallel ization. Thanks for watching.