In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the Stream API. So first of all, streams were introduced starting in Java 8. Essentially, streams introduce functional programming to the Java programming ecosystem. By the way, in computer science, functional programming is a programming paradigm where programs are constructed by applying and composing functions. Okay, then we know that streams rely heavily on lambda expressions. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a given method. By the way, we are going to talk about these concepts in the coming lectures. And finally, it is extremely easy to implement a given algorithm in parallel with the help of streams. So this is why stream API is extremely convenient to use. So essentially a stream is a sequence of items from a given source that supports data processing operations. It is extremely crucial that data structures are about storing items. So for example, if we are dealing with a one dimensional array or a binary search tree or a hash map, essentially these data structures are about how to store the given items. On the other hand, streams are about computation on the given data set. So data structures are about storing items, streams are about computations. So this is how we can do database like operations and common operations from functional programming languages such as filter, map and reduce. We are going to talk about all of these methods in the coming lectures. By the way, stream operations can be executed either sequentially or in parallel, and we can come to the conclusion that we don't have to bother with multiple threads. We don't have to deal with thread starvation, we don't have to deal with the Fork-Join framework to deal with these parallel threads. These are going to be handled by the Stream API. So it is going to be extremely convenient. One of the main features of streams is that we can define so called intermediate operations that returns with the stream as well, which means that it allows multiple operations to be chained. This is called pipelining and these are very similar to database queries. Okay. So first of all, we will have the source of a given stream, such as a given collection, for example, an ArrayList. So this is the source of the stream. Then there may be several intermediate operations such as filtering, sorting and so on. That's going to return with the stream as well. And finally there is the terminal operation that's going to return with a scalar value or a void such as the collect method, the reduce method and so on. We are going to talk about these methods one by one. Okay, So this is the big picture behind streams. And another important feature has something to do with internal iteration. So collections are iterated explicitly with iterator. This is called external iteration, but we can use a different approach which streams that is called internal iteration. We are going to talk about these features in the coming lectures. That's all about the theory behind streams. In the next lecture, we are going to take a look at several examples in order to understand exactly what's happening under the hood. Thanks for watching.