In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to deal with streams. So, first of all, let's take a look at a concrete example. Why is it so convenient to use Java Streams? So, for example, if we have a one dimensional array of integers, for example numbers, we can define 1, 5, 3, -1, 9, 12. So this is the data set we are going to handle. And then, for example, if we want to consider all the items and we want to print them out onto the console, then what do we have to do? We have to iterate through. So integer i equal to zero, i is less than the nums.length Then we have to increment i and now we have to system out println the num one dimensional array with index i. So this is how we can print all the values within this one dimensional array. Or for example, if we want to sum up the values, then what do we have to do? We have to create a sum. So integer sum is equal to zero at the beginning, and we have to sum up the values. Sum is equals to sum plus the nums at index ie. So this is how we sum up the values. And then what do we have to do? We just have to print out the sum. So if I save and run it, then this is how we are going to sum up all these values. And this is exactly why Java streams are quite convenient because we don't have to deal with for loops, nested for loops and so on. These operations are quite convenient on a given data set. So for example, we can convert a one dimensional array to streams with the help of arrays dot stream. Here we have to define the numbers and of course we have to import the Java utils arrays. So this is how we are going to convert the data set so the one dimensional array into a stream. This is what we have been talking about, that first of all, we have to define the source of the stream. It can be a collection such as a one dimensional array or an array list or a hash map or something like this. Then we can make intermediate operations or terminal operations. So, for example, we just want to iterate through all the items and what do we have to do? We just have to define a given method system out print. Alam So this is the so called lambda expression. This is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture that as far as functional programming is concerned, it deals with functions and methods. So basically we call the for each method. By the way, let's run the algorithm. As you can see, we print out the values present in this one dimensional array. So what's going to happen that we don't have to use a for loop or a nested for loop? First of all, we convert the one dimensional array of integers into a stream, and then we can make operations on the given stream. In this case, the 40 each is going to consider all the items one by one and it is going to call this function. System.out.println. So we are going to print out the items on a one by one basis. This is the so called double column operator or method reference, which means that this is how we are going to define that. What operations to make on the given items. We iterate through the items on a one by one basis and then we would like to call the method called println that's located in system that out. So this double column operator is going to reference the given method we would like to call on the given stream. So this is the data set. We have converted into a stream and we can print the integers one by one to the console. As you can see, of course we can do something like this that we can call the sum function. The sum function is going to sum up the values present in this one dimensional array so we can define integer. Some is equals to arrays, stream nums sum. And here we can call system out print line and we print the value accordingly. So if I save it and run it, then as you can see, we get the sum of this one dimensional array. We don't have to define the one dimensional array. We can use something like the integer stream. So integer stream and we can generate the values within the range zero and five. So first of all, let's import. The Java that tell stream, that integer stream, and then we can iterate through so for each and we can call the system out and method reference println. By the way, just for demonstration purposes, we can use the so called lambda expression. So it is going to be a lambda expression that we get the system out. Print. Allen X So what does it mean exactly? Or sorry for that print and we print out X plus some spacing like this. So if we run the algorithm, then as you can see, because the range is zero up to five, about five exclusive. So it is not going to be present in the dataset. Zero one, two, three, four. These integers are going to be printed out with whitespace separation. So as you can see, this X is going to refer to the items in this dataset zero than one, two, three and four. And we would like to use Lambda expression, which means that we would like to apply this operation on the given items we for each on the given items present in the dataset. So this is how we are going to call the system out print function on the x values and the x values are zero one, two, three and four. So basically the items we have generated. Okay, So if we use something like this, then we are going to generate the values within the range zero and nine. Okay. So in these cases, these are terminal operations, but of course we can use intermediate operations as well, for example, filtering or sorting. Let's say that I would like to print out the values greater than four, for example. So I would like to skip the first four items. What do we have to do? We can use stream pipeline, which means that we can use several intermediate operations. So we would like to filter and we would like to make sure that if the X is greater than four and of course we have to use something like this. So we would like to make sure that we are going to filter out all the values. So if we run the algorithm, then as you can see, we are going to keep the items where X is greater than four and of course the X is going to be the items in the dataset. So this is how we can use filter. Of course we can say that we filter out the items. What does it mean that we are going to keep the items that are even zero two, four, six and eight? Of course we can filter out the even numbers and we end up with the old numbers one, three, five, seven and nine as far as integers are concerned, within the range zero and ten. So we create the stream, then we use an intermediate operation and finally we call the four each that's going to return with the value itself. The filter, as you can see, is going to return a stream as you can see. So this is why it is an intermediate operation. This is what we have been talking about, that intermediate operations return a stream, but terminal operation returns scalar or nothing. For example, the four h is going to return nothing. As you can see, it is void OC So this is how we can do operations on integers with the help of streams. In the next lecture we are going to talk about how to manipulate strings and characters. Then we are going to talk about how to use and why is it so convenient to use streams? Thanks for watching.