Now let's continue writing tests and let's now explore how multiple components can interact with each other and how we can test that and how we can work with props and tests. And for this, I'll stick to this very simple component I have here. And what I want to do here is now I want to create a new component, the output component which does what the name implies. It just outputs something. So this will be a quite straightforward component. And of course I'm keeping it deliberately simple so that we can explore these basic testing concepts with basic examples. And the idea of this output component therefore is just to render a paragraph, which outputs props.children or props.text, depending on how you want to do that. And here I'll say props.children. And of course, this is kind of a redundant component but if we could have some extra styles on this paragraph and then use this as kind of a wrapper component as we also sometimes did it in this course for example, with that card component which we had in some projects, if you remember that. So that's the output component and it does use props. Now here, I got this greeting component and instead of rendering this paragraph here I now want to render my output component. And let's see how that could work. For this in this greeting component file I'll import output from dot slash output. And now we can replace paragraph with output like this and like that here. Now, if I save everything the nice thing which we'll notice is that the tests simply continue to work. So that's the good thing about render which we use to render the greeting component. It really renders this entire component tree that is required here. So it renders not just greeting and ignores other components used in that JSX code but it renders the content of those components like in this case, the output component as well. And technically we could therefore call this an integration test because now more than one unit, more than one component is involved. But especially when dealing with such a wrapper component which doesn't have its own logic, that's of course not really the right term. Testing the conjunction of these two components together is absolutely fine. And that's why I wanted to show this here. This is not something that forces you to split your tests necessarily. You might want to split them if the output component becomes more complex and also starts managing state, then you might want to test that separately from the core logic of the greeting component. But since that is not the case here we definitely can keep the tests we have here in greeting test JS to keep testing as we did before.