Now that's it for this module, which is only an introduction to testing or to testing React apps. Now, testing as I mentioned at the beginning is definitely a topic an entire course could be created on. But this course is not about that. It's about React and therefore I want to introduce you to React testing. I don't want to include an entire testing course into this course as well. Now, if you want to learn more about testing, of course there are dedicated tutorials and courses you can check out. But what's also definitely worth a look, are the official docs of Jest. This tool we used under the hood for running our tests and for asserting the results and the docs of the React testing library. Now let's start with Jest. If you Google for Jest you find these official docs and these docs aren't too bad. Now, keep in mind that all these setup steps here are not required by you because in our React project you already have a setup. And also keep in mind here, that Jest is not a tool focused on just React. It's a general JavaScript testing tool, and therefore the docs represent that. But still here, you can learn more about the different matchers, which you have, the different ways of expressing expectations. You can learn more about testing async code. How you can wait for promises to complete, if you want that. You can learn more about mocking functions, something we also did in this module. Here you can dive deeper and learn more about the possibilities you've got there, for mocking regular functions. And also of course, for mocking promises, as we did it here as well. You can learn more here and in general. Check out these different guides here to learn about the different examples and the different features this tool has to offer. Now, when it comes to testing React you want to check out the React Testing Library docs. These docs are also great, and in there you learn way more about testing React with that library. You also find a complete example here, which could be interesting to check out. You find the complete API, which you have available. Also check out the core API here to learn about these different query methods. GetBy, findBy, queryBy. You also get the differences explained here again. You also learn more about firing user events here. You'll learn more about async code here, and therefore that definitely also is a documentation that is worth a closer look if you are serious about testing React apps. I especially also want to highlight the ecosystem part here. Where you learn about extensions, that you can install. Some of these extensions already are part of a default project set up in a React app. For example, the user-event extension. But I especially also want to highlight one extension, which is not listed here. And that is the React-hooks-testing-library extension, which makes testing React hooks especially custom hooks, way easier. Here you can learn how to use that extension in case you have custom book functions, which you want to test. Which of course, typically do want to test because you should test your entire code base if possible. And therefore these are resources you can dive in as a next step, but I hope that this course module gets you started with testing and you now at least have a general idea of how that all works.