Welcome back to the new section. Inside this section, we are going to focus on challenge 9 that we may face while building microservices. I'm pretty sure that I don't need to give any introduction about this new challenge. Let me reveal what is this challenge about? Like you can see here, this challenge is regarding securing our microservices. I know you might be wondering throughout the course when this fellow is going to talk about the microservice security. To answer your burning question inside this section, I'm going to completely focus on microservices security. How good web application or mobile application or microservices that you develop if you don't implement security inside them? And no one will recommend your application also to others. Because without security, we will always expose sensitive data to everyone and that is going to be a problem for any organization. So to make you understand on why we should secure our microservices, let me ask some questions. The very first question is how are we going to secure our microservices from unauthorized users? As of now, anyone can invoke our microservices. They can get the account details of anyone by providing their mobile number. Do you think this is the right approach? Off course not, because we are exposing everyone's data, even for the unauthorized users as well. Apart from securing our microservices, we should also worry about how to enforce authentication and authorization inside our microservices. There is a clear difference between authentication and authorization. Authentication is a process of identifying the person or the application who is trying to invoke your microservices. Whereas authorization which comes after authentication is a mechanism where we will enforce privileged access, which means the persons at the applications who has enough privileges, then only they will be authorized to access your microservices or web applications. So we should also worry about how to implement these authentication and authorization inside our microservices. Apart from securing our microservices, we should also think about how to have a single or centralized identity and access management component. If you are thinking like we can secure all our microservices individually, then I would recommend to stop your thought there because we should never implement security logic in all the individual microservices, because that will be too much if you have hundreds of microservices, even if one requirement changes around the security, you will end up making changes in all the microservices. That's why we should have a separate component which is going to responsible to store all the user credentials and handle authentication and authorization inside microservices network. So these are the three questions are the challenges that we need to think whenever we are trying to secure our microservices. Let me reveal what is the solution that we can follow to overcome all these challenges related to the security. With the help of security standards like Oauth2 or OpenID Connect along with the Keycloak, which is an IAM product and Spring Security, which is a spring provided project focusing on security. By using all these components, we can easily secure our microservices and handle all the above mentioned challenges. So throughout this section we are going to leverage these products, frameworks and standards and we are going to implement security inside our microservices. Spring security is a very fascinating concept. Inside this course I'm going to talk about these on a very high level, but if you are new to the spring security framework and trying to learn the same, I would recommend to consider my course inside Udemy focusing on spring security. Inside Udemy like you can see if you can search for spring security as of today, the very first course that you can see in the results is my course, which is spring security six zero to master along with the concepts like JWT tokens and Oauth2 framework. Inside this course, I'm going to talk about spring security framework from basics like I'll assume you don't know anything about spring security framework, and I'm going to talk about everything about spring security framework. Like you can see as of now, this course has around 15 hours of content. I would strongly recommend you learning these spring security because this is a mandatory skill for any Java developer or a full stack developer. Without securing your web applications. You can't climb yourself as an architect or a senior developer. Like you can see, this course as of now has around 29,000 students with a close to 4500 ratings, and this is one of the best seller course. So it's up to you. So if you are interested, please enroll the same. But like I said, we are going to use spring security framework inside this course as well. But I'm not going to discuss in detail about the same. I will explain what I'm trying to do with the help of spring security framework. But if you are trying to learn to understand in detail about the spring security, my recommendation is to enroll for the course which focus on spring security framework. With this, I'm assuming your super clear about the Challenge 9 that we are going to discuss inside this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.