Inside this lecture, let me try to give a quick introduction about what is oauth2. OAuth stands for Open authorization. It is a free and open source protocol built on IETF standards, and the license also is provided from the Open Web Foundation. That means anyone can use these specifications inside the OAuth framework. The current version of OAuth framework is the second version. That's why many people call this as Oauth2. That means they are trying to refer to the second version of OAuth. And right now the authors of OAuth2 is trying to build a newer version with the name OAuth 2.1. So like we discussed previously, with the help of these or 2 or 2.1, a application can grant permissions to access your data in another third party application. The process of granting permissions are concerned to third party applications are often referred to as authorization or delegated authorization. Because inside this process you are going to authorize one application to access your data in another application on your behalf without giving them your password. That's why, in another words, we can also call this process as delegated authorization. So this is a very basic definition of OAuth2. Now coming to the major advantages of Oauth2. OAuth2 supports all kinds of applications and scenarios that you can imagine in the web world, regardless of what type of applications you are building. For all these applications and scenarios, there are different, different grant flows available inside the Oauth2 framework. Suppose if two backend servers are trying to communicate, then we have a grant flow specific to that scenario. Whereas a UI application or a mobile application is trying to communicate with a backend server, then there is a separate grant flow for it. And very similarly for Iot devices, consoles, smart TVs. So for all these kind of devices also we have a grant flow inside the Oauth2 framework. We are going to discuss few of them in this section. But on a high level, what I'm trying to say here is, regardless of what is the type of communication that you are trying to establish between two different applications or two different devices. The OAuth2 has answer for all of them with various grant flows. And the next advantage of OAuth2 like we discussed, it recommends separation of auth logic. Inside OAuth2 we have to build a separate component with the name authorization server and this authorization server is responsible to receive the request from the clients and provide access token based upon the successful authentication. Regardless of how many applications or what type of applications you have inside your organization, they can all connect to the Auth server to perform the login operation. Not only the own organization applications, but also the Ath server can also be accessed by the third party web applications. Inside the Stack overflow scenario, we saw that it is able to access the Auth server of GitHub and it is able to authenticate an end user and get the details of the end user with the help of GitHub auth server. This is possible because inside OAuth2 we have a separate server which is responsible purely for authentication and authorization. If you club both authorization and business logic into a single server, then organizations will not dare to expose their server details or endpoint details to the other applications. So all the credentials of the user and client applications will be maintained in a single location which is inside the server. And the next advantage, which is a primary advantage of OAuth2 like we discussed. The end user, he don't have to share his credentials whenever he is trying to provide access to his data to a third party application. The auth server which is present inside the OAuth framework. It is going to provide a temporary access token to the third party application. This is very similar to like a hotel scenario. Think like you went to a five star hotel and you are trying to check in into that hotel. At the reception once they validated your booking details, they are going to provide an access card. And using this access card, you can only open your own room and you can only take the elevator to the floor where your room is present. Here the hotel people they are trying to give a temporary access card and even if you lose the access card, it is not going to create any problem because the hotel people can invalidate that access card remotely and they can provide you an a new access card. Very similarly inside the OAuth2 framework also, the auth server is going to issue the access tokens based upon the privileges. Just like inside the hotel scenario, the access card that you hold will will only provide access to your own room, whereas the access card given to the housekeeping department. They can access any room because the privilege for that access card is more this way based upon the business requirements. The OAuth server is going to issue different, different access tokens based upon the privileges needed by the end user. I hope you're clear with the introduction of Oauth2. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.