Inside this lecture, I'm going to explain you a few of the jargons or terminologies that we have inside the Oauth2 framework. Because many times you may see me using these jargons or someone is using these jargons inside their blogs or inside their courses or YouTube videos. Until unless you know about these jargons, you cannot explain about Oauth2 framework to others. If you go to an interview and if they're asking you how you have implemented security inside your microservices, then definitely you need to explain using Oauth2 framework. In the same process, you need to use these jargons and that will showcase to the target audience that you are well versed with the Oauth2 framework. If you are already familiar with all these basics of Oauth2 framework, I recommend you skipping all these lectures because I built these videos for the developers who are new to the Oauth2 framework. The very first jargon that I want to talk is, this is one of the role that you may see inside the Oauth2 flows. So who is this resource owner? Usually the resource owner is the end user inside the stack overflow scenario I as an end user want to use a third party application which is Stack Overflow. Inside this Stack Overflow website, I want to log in with the help of my GitHub details. So I own the resources inside the GitHub server, like my email address, my display name. So all those details are belongs to me. Since I want to share my resources to the third party application by proving my identity with the authentication server of GitHub, I will be the resource owner. In simple words, the end user who owns the resources we call him as an resource owner. In the Stack overflow scenario, the resources can be my email address or my profile details. Whereas if you take the Google photos scenario, the resources will be the photos that I stored inside the Google photos server. The next role are jargon is Client. So who is this client? This client is the website or mobile application or an API who want to access the secured resources on behalf of the resource owner. In the scenario of StackOverflow, the StackOverflow website, they want to interact with the GitHub server on behalf of me and they are trying to get the details of me from the GitHub. So that's why we call the StackOverflow website itself as a client because it is a client application, who want to connect with the authorization server of GitHub. After client, we have the next jargon, which is Authorization Server. This is the component at the server which knows about the resource owner. In other words, resource owner should have an account in this server. Suppose in the case of StackOverflow, I as a resource owner should have an account inside the GitHub without having an account inside the GitHub, I can't tell the stackoverflow website go and get my resources from the GitHub server. Because authorization server of GitHub never knows me, never has my details registered like my email address, my password. That's why we can never use authorization server if we don't register our details with it. So what is the authorization server in the scenario of StackOverflow, the GitHub server which is responsible to authenticate the end user at the resource owner, we call that server as authorization server. The next jargon that we have is, Resource Server. This is the server where the resources of the resource owner are stored. So my client application want to interact with this resource server to get the resources of the resource owner. Usually inside enterprise organizations like GitHub, Google or Facebook or any other organizations, they will have separate servers handling the authentication and storing the resources of the end user. So in other words, my authorization server is responsible for authenticating the resource owner and once the authentication is successful, my authorization server is going to issue an access token to the client. Using the same access token, the client application is going to send a request behind the scenes to the resource server. If the resource server is satisfied with the validity of the access token, then it is going to give the resources of the resource owner. Like in the stack overflow scenario, the resource will be my email details, my basic details like my display name. Whereas in the Google photos scenario the resources will be my photos that I have stored inside the Google photo server. And the last important jargon that you may hear inside our framework is scopes. So what are these scopes? These are the granular permissions the client wants, such as access to a data or to perform certain actions. The auth server can issue an access token to client based upon the scopes. These scopes decide what actions the client application can perform. Inside the stack overflow scenario, the GitHub might have issued a scope to the client application to read my email details and basic details. So whenever an access token issued by the authorization server, it is going to construct the scopes. So with this access token, my client application can interact with the resource server and it can only perform the actions based upon the privileges defined by the scope. I can also show you these scopes in demo. For example, let's take the Stack overflow scenario again, I'm trying to click on this sign up button and here I'm going to click on the sign up with GitHub. Here you can see my GitHub is not asking my credentials again because I entered the credentials previously already. That's why it is not asking again and again. But the important point that you want to highlight here is, it is asking the consent from me whether I'm okay to share information from GitHub to the Stack overflow. If you can see what is the kind of information that my GitHub is going to share in this scenario is, personal user data like email address read only. You should be able to see an explanation also, like This application will be able to read your private email address. So this is the scope that my stack overflow is requesting to the GitHub server and GitHub server cannot decide by itself. That's why since I own these details as a resource owner, it is asking my permission or my consent whether I'm okay to authorize Stack Exchange a stack overflow to read these information, which is email address read only. For suppose if my stack overflow is trying to get an access to check in into the GitHub repository on my behalf, then the same will be shown here and I will deny that. Because I don't want to give such a higher privilege to the stack overflow. I only want to share my email details to the stack overflow. So that behind the scenes it can create an account. So if I'm okay, I'm going to click on this authorized stack exchange and behind the scenes, the auth server is going to issue an access token. And with that access token, the stack overflow behind the scenes is going to send a request to the resource server of GitHub and it is going to fetch my email details that's what you can see here. And apart from email it also fetched my display name. So every authorization server will define scopes and based upon these scopes it is going to control the privileges of client applications. So if you see the official documentation of GitHub where they have mentioned what are the scopes that is supported by the GitHub auth server. So here on this page there are many scopes supported like if you see if someone are trying to get a scope of repo that means you are going to grant full access to the public and private repositories, including read and write access. So these are very powerful scope. We should be very cautious. So very similarly, there are many other privileges if you can scroll down, scroll down here, there will be an limited privileges like user email Grant read access to the user's email address and very similarly read:user Grant access to read a user's profile data. So I hope it is clear using these scopes only inside the OAuth2  framework, the privileges will be controlled. I hope you are clear with all the OAuth2 jargons, terminologies or roles. Using these terminologies and jargons, we are going to discuss a lot about the OAuth2 in the coming lectures. That's why I'm trying to explain these terminologies. So please, please make sure you read this slide and make sure you are clear about these terminologies. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.