Inside this lecture, I'm going to talk about what is OpenID Connect and what is its relation with the OAuth2 framework. Many times I see developers claiming that please don't use Oauth2, please use OpenID Connect because that is a better framework or it is a replacement of the Oauth2 framework. I don't want you to be such a developer. That's why I'm going to spend few minutes explaining you, what is this OpenID Connect and and how it is related to the Oauth2 framework. We discussed about the Oauth2 framework previously. The primary reason why the OAuth two specification built is, to support the authorization but not the authentication. So there is a clear difference between authentication and authorization. With the help of authentication, we can only authenticate the end user whether he is a legitimate user by validating his credentials. Once we authenticate the end user, he can access the secured pages inside an application. Instead of making him to access any kind of functionality and perform any kind of action, we can enforce privileges or role based access mechanism with the help of authorization. So authorization comes only after authentication. So the OAuth2 framework built to support the authorization. So that with the help of these authorization, the applications can provide temporary access or limited access to the third party applications. But since two framework became super, super famous, a lot many organizations, they found a way to use the OAuth2 framework for authentication as well. If you can recall the Stack overflow scenario, I don't have an account inside the stack Overflow. Stack Overflow is trying to authenticate me with the help of GitHub credentials and GitHub does not know what Stack overflow is doing with my access token. GitHub will be under the assumption that Stack Overflow is requesting the email details of the resource owner and resource owner also fine providing these privileges to the stack overflow. That's why it is going to issue an access token that will allow the stack overflow to read my email details. But behind the scenes the stack overflow is also authenticating me inside the Stack Overflow website and it is creating an account of mine with the help of the email address received from the GitHub server. Since organizations found a loophole on using the OAuth2 framework both for authentication and authorization, there is a need came for the OpenID Connect. So let's try to understand what is this OpenID Connect. OpenID Connect is a protocol that developed or sits on top of the Oauth2 framework, while Oauth2 provides an authorization via an access token containing Scopes information. This OpenID Connect framework, which built on top of the OAuth2. It provides authentication by introducing a new ID token, and these ID token contains a set of information about the end user or about the resource owner. Like I said before, organizations, they started using Oauth2 framework both for authentication and authorization and OAuth2 framework It is going to issue an access token. And with this access token, the client applications, they can only access the protected resources that are present behind the resource server. And this access token is not giving any clue about who is the end user, what are his details. Since the client applications does not have a concrete information about the resource owner or end user. Lot many organizations they used to share the details about the end user inside this access token only by sending his email details or by sending his mobile number. Everyone they used to follow their own style of sharing the end user details inside the access token itself or using some other approach. So since there is no standard, everyone in the industry felt that we need some better approach to know the end user or resource owner details inside the OAuth2 framework. That's why they built a small wrapper on top of OAuth2, which is OpenID. So whenever we use OpenID along with the OAuth2, we're also going to get an extra token with the name ID token and with this ID token and OpenID connect, the industry now has a standards around sharing the identity details among the applications. When we implement these OAuth2 and OpenID Connect Inside our Microservices, I'm going to show you the access token ID token that are issued by the server. So don't worry about how these tokens are going to look like. When we see the demo, it is going to be super clear for you. I know you may still have some confusion. Let me try to explain this with the help of visual diagram. Like you can see here, we have Http protocol. So Http protocol is a base protocol for all the communication inside the web. On top of these Http protocol oauth2 framework is built and this OAuth2 framework is going to support authorization. On top of this over to framework, there is a small wrapper framework built which is OpenID Connect, and this OpenID Connect is going to support authentication. In simple words, we can say OpenID Connect Flow looks the same as Oauth2. Whenever we are using OpenID Connect, we need to send a scope which is OpenID and behind the scenes the Auth server by looking at this OpenID scope, it is going to issue two types of token. One is access token and ID token. If you don't send the scope OpenID, you're going to simply receive the access token. Let's try to understand more details about OpenID Connect. Like you can see under this section, which is why is OpenID Connect? I have mentioned all the details, like why there is a need for this OpenID Connect when we already have over two framework. I mentioned all the story that I have discussed since everyone inside the industry, they are looking for a standard to share the details about the end user or the resource owner, there is a need came to develop these OpenID Connect on top of the Oauth2 framework. So you can also see there is a Venn diagram here. On the right hand side we have OAuth2 framework which is going to support the authorization, and with these authorization we are going to control the access management with the help of scope. Whereas on the left hand side we have other component which is OpenID Connect, which is going to support the authentication. And with this OpenID Connect, we can easily identify the identity details of the end user. So by combining both of these two standards, a new concept came into picture, which is IAM Identity and Access Management. First, any auth server it has to identify the end user and post that only it should provide the access to the end user. The short form of OpenID Connect is OIDC with the help of these oidc now inside the industry there is a standardized approach to know the details of the end user. So whenever an organization implements OIDC along with the Oauth2, they are going to get three benefits. The very first one is, there is a standardized way to know the end user details or resource owner details with the help of the scopes like OpenID, profile, email and address. Because all these details are related to the end user only like his profile details, email details or address details. So whenever a client application looking for profile information of the end user, with the help of this OIDC, they can request for a scope profile. And similarly we have other scopes like OpenID email and address. And the second advantage is, the ID token that is going to get generated by the OpenID standards. It is going to follow the same standards like Access Token, both these access token and ID token. They are going to use the JWT standard, which is Json web token standard. And the last advantage is this OpenID Connect exposes a standardized endpoint with the name /userifo. . Anytime a client application wants to know the details about the logged in user or the resource owner, they can simply invoke this user info endpoint supported by the OpenID. So with this I'm assuming your super, super clear about what is difference between Oauth2 and OpenID. So please never say that Oauth2 is a replacement of OpenID without Oauth2 there is no OpenID. And also please don't say that OpenID is better than OAuth2 framework. We should never say because without Oauth2 there is no OpenID. But instead of that we can say that by combining these OpenID and Oauth2, we can provide capabilities of identity and access management or in short form IAM to the client applications. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.