As of now. We discuss very briefly about Oauth2 and OpenID Connect. And these OpenID Connect and Oauth2 they are specifications. Using these specifications, we can only understand what are the standards that we need to follow while we try to implement security inside our web applications. By taking these specifications alone, we can't implement security inside any web application. Since security is a most common requirement for many organizations. Many companies they saw an opportunity building products around the specifications provided by the Oauth2 and OpenID. So let's try to explore a few of them. Like you can see here, these are website of KEYCLOCK. Keyclock is an open source identity and access management product. With the help of these keyclock product, we can easily set up authorization server for an organization. Very big organizations like Google, GitHub, Facebook, Twitter, so all these companies they can afford to build their own authorization server based upon the standards defined in the Oauth2 and OpenID. But how about the smaller organizations or organizations who are not interested to build these auth server from scratch? So for all such organizations, these products which are built based upon the concepts of Oauth2 and OpenID, they are going to be useful. One such product is Keyclock and this is completely open source and this product is also sponsored by the Red Hat. You will be able to see the red hat symbol in the down. So you can see these keyclock supports all standard protocols like OpenID Connect, Oauth2, saml and it also supports social logging, single sign on. So throughout this course we are going to use these key clock products only because this is open source. I don't want to introduce any commercial product because if you want to practice these oauth2 framework based upon our discussion inside this course, open source product is a perfect choice. Just like how we have keyclock. We have other products which built based upon the OpenID and OAuth2 standards. Such commercial products are okta. Okta is very famous for enterprise applications. People who can afford they can easily set up authorization server with the help of Okta. Very similarly also has a product with the name Amazon Cognito, so it is going to provide identity and access management that can scale to any kind of traffic. And we also have fusion auth, Forgerock. So these are all the products. For some reason, if your organization is looking to build their own authorization server to make their journey easy, recently Spring team also they developed a new project with the name Spring Authorization Server. Using this Spring authorization server, anyone can build their own authorization server, but please note that this is a very new project inside the spring ecosystem and I see it has to mature a lot compared to other products like Keycloak, Okta, Cognito. So that's why inside this course I'm going to use Keycloak. But for some reason if you are looking to develop your own auth server  then please refer to the documentation of spring authorization server and you should be able to build your own authorization server. I hope you are super clear on why we choose Keycloak inside this course to implement authorization server inside our microservice network. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.