Now is the time to deep dive into the Oauth2 framework. Just by knowing the definition of Oauth2 and OpenID Connect. You cannot implement security inside our microservices network. We need to deep dive into these standards and learn the applicable grant type flows for our microservices network. Inside this lecture, we are going to discuss about client credentials grant type flow available inside the Oauth2 framework. Like I said before, Oauth2 has various grant type flows that we can use in implementing security inside our web applications based upon the type of communication. So before I try to explain more details about these client credentials grant type flow, first let me give clarification under which scenarios we need to use this grant type flow. We need to use this grant type flow. When two APIs are when two different backend servers, they are trying to communicate with each other. So in this communication, if you want to enforce security, then this is the perfect grant flow that we can use. So here there will be three actors or three roles or three jargons will be involved inside this flow. The very first and important component is auth server. This arch server is responsible to authenticate the client application and issue the access token. So how we are going to build this auth server like we discussed, we are going to leverage Keycloak to set up the auth server inside our Microservice network. Now coming to the resource server, so what is this resource server? We'll make our gateway server as a resource server so that anyone who wants to communicate with our gateway server, which is acting as a edge server for our microservice, they need to make sure they are authenticated with the ad server and post authentication with auth server they should get an access token from the auth server and the same it has to be sent to the resource server. The resource server are the gateway server is going to send the response only if it receives the proper access token from the client application that is issued by the auth server. With that quick introduction, let me show you a sample flow how these client credentials grant type flow is going to work. In the very first step, the client application is going to ask auth server that I want to access a protected resource available inside the resource server, but my resource server is not going to respond me because it expects access token from me. That's why please issue me an access token. So the client is going to request the auth server to issue an access token and in the same process the client application should prove its identity. For the same, it is going to send the client credentials to the auth server saying that this is my client ID and this is my client secret. And here please note that the client application is some other back end application or some other API or some other external microservice, who is trying to invoke our resource server. So that's why it is also going to highlight there is no end user involved, there is no UI application involved. That's what it is trying to convey in the very first step. Once my auth server receives the request and once it validated the credentials provided by the client application, it is going to issue an access token to the client application. Once the access token is received by the client application, the client application is going to send the same access token to the resource server. Along with the access token it will also convey which resource it is trying to access. Now my resource server will take that access token and behind the scenes it will validate the access token with the auth server and if the client application has enough privileges to invoke that particular secure API or secure resource, then my resource server is going to respond to the client application. Your token is validated successfully. Here are the protected resources that you have requested, which means inside the step four, my resource server is going to send the response back to the client based upon the request that it sent. So in our scenario, the resource server is going to be gateway. So behind the scenes, if my client application is trying to create an account, the gate server will validate the access token and once the access token is validated and once it feels like the client application has enough privileges to create an account, then behind the scenes it is going to invoke other microservices that are available inside the microservice network like accounts Microservice. Once it receives the successful response from the accounts microservice the same response it is going to forward to the client application. I tried to mention more details about this flow in the next slide. Let me go to that. Like you can see here in the step one, whenever the client is making a request to the auth server for an access token, the client application has to provide what is a clientID, what is the client secret. So these are the credentials of the client application which it might have received during the registration process with the auth server and inside the same request. It should also mention what are the scope details that it is requesting. So these scopes, like we discussed, these are very similar to authorities. If my client application is looking for email details, then the scope is going to be email. So based upon my client application requirements, it is going to mention the corresponding scope inside the request. And this doesn't mean that whatever my client application is asking, the auth server is going to construct that scope. It is not going to work that way. While registering these clients with the auth server, the admin of the ad server like Keycloak server, they will make some configuration for this clientId I want to only allow this set of scopes. So when my client application is sending the scope, it has to make sure whatever it is sending inside the request, it has to match with the list of scopes inside the auth server. If it is trying to be smart and try to get some other scope which is not defined inside the auth server, then it is going to get an error as a response. So that's the details around scope. And apart from these clientId, client secret and scope inside the request, the client application should also send grant type. Inside this grant type it is going to mention the value as client credentials. With this we are telling to the auth server. The current grant flow that it needs to follow is client credentials grant type flow. So since there won't be any end user involved in this scenario, the ad server will not ask credentials of end user or resource owner. It will simply assume there is no resource owner inside this flow. So this is the most simplest grant type flow In Oauth2 we are going to discuss most complex grant flow also in the coming lectures. And the last important point, which is like I said, we need to use this authentication flow or grant type flow only if there is no end user and there is no UI application involved. This grant flow is strictly for the scenarios where two different applications are trying to communicate with each other using backend APIs. I hope you are clear. If something is not clear, don't worry, I'm going to explain the same grant type flow by taking our Easy Bank Microservices as an example. And at the same time, when we implement this grant type flow and see the demo inside our microservices network, then it is going to be super clear for you. But for now, please note that we should use this grant type flow only in the scenarios. When two backend APIs are two backend servers or two applications are trying to communicate with each other. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.