In the previous lecture, we discussed very quickly about client credentials grant type flow available inside the Oauth2 framework. Now using the same grant type flow, I'm going to explain you how we are going to secure our Gateway server, which is acting as an edge server for our microservices. Like you can see here, so first we are going to have some client application so this client application can be some external service or some external API or some external backend server. So they are trying to communicate with our microservice network. So this is the client application. As a next step, we are going to have the auth server which we are going to set up with the help of key clock inside the Easy Bank microservices network. In the very first step, like you can see, the client is going to connect with the auth server, with the client credentials and get a access token. So whatever external service or external API client who want to connect with my microservices behind the scenes, they need to work with the admins of the key clock to register themselves as a valid client application. Because the keyclock should not give access tokens for all type of external clients. Only approved external client applications by my key clock admin or by my business leaders only those applications should be able to communicate with my auth server and with the gateway server. So think like this client application is a valid client, so the client credentials are valid as a response to this request inside the step one, the keyclock is going to issue an access token. Using the same access token the client application is going to invoke a path available inside the edge server along with the access token issued by the auth server. So here you can see the Edge server or the gateway server. We are going to make it as a resource server. So what is the role of resource server? The resource server should not respond to the clients who are sending the requests without a valid access token. So this way we are securing our gateway server so that only authenticated client applications. They can invoke our edge server. Once my edge server receives the access token, it is going to validate the same access token with the auth server. Behind the scenes it is going to check with the auth server saying that. Did you issue this access token? Is this a valid access token? Once the keyclock or the auth server confirms saying that this access token is valid back to the gateway server, the gateway server at the Edge server is going to forward the request that it received from the client application to the individual microservices like accounts, loans and cards microservice. So here you may have a very good question, which is we are not protecting our individual microservices like accounts, loans and cards. So what is stopping my external client application to directly invoke accounts microservice, loans microservice and cards microservice. There can be some hacker or they can be some rogue client application. They can easily skip this process and they can directly try to communicate with the individual microservices. So that's a very good question. So let me try to answer the same. Whenever we are trying to deploy our accounts, microservice, our loans, our cards, microservice in the higher environments with the help of Docker compose or with the help of Kubernetes, we can make these microservices deployed behind a firewall or behind a Docker network so that any external client application they cannot communicate directly only the component which is deployed inside the same firewall or which is deployed inside the same Docker network can communicate with these services. So what is that component which we are going to deploy inside the same firewall or inside the same network? It is the gateway server and with that the client applications is not going to have any option except to forwarding the request to the gateway server. They can never be able to directly invoke the individual microservice. So I hope you are clear, but if you are thinking like why not make our individual microservices also to be as a resource server, then let me stop you there because it's a very valid assumption, but we should not make them resource server. The reason is if you make all your internal microservices also resource server, you will unnecessarily complicate things. And on top of that the performance of all your microservices will be impacted. Because whenever you make your individual microservices as a resource server, every time they are going to expect the access token for each and every request, even for the internal communication that is happening within your organization network. And whenever the access token is involved, the individual microservices they have to validate the same with the keyclock or the auth server. So this will unnecessarily bring a lot of complexities and performance issues. But I'm not saying we should not make our internal communication between the microservices to be completely unsecure. There are other, better industry standards and approaches which I will try to explain when we are trying to deploy our microservices into Kubernetes cluster. I hope you are clear with this discussion. Like I highlighted, we need to use these client credentials grant type flow only in the scenarios where two different backend applications or two different APIs are trying to communicate with each other. So there is an API which I hosted inside my gateway server. So some other API are some other backend service or some other external service application. They're trying to invoke my API. Since there is no end user involved, since there is no application involved, this is the perfect grant flow that we can use inside this scenario. I hope this is clear. Now let me try to explain the same steps in a more funny way. Like we know inside our drama we are going to have three actors, client, resource server and auth server. They're sitting idle, they're enjoying their holidays. Now to my client application someone gave a work saying that go ahead and invoke the APIs available inside the Easy Bank microservices network and get me some account details or get me some card details or loan details. With that the holidays for the client application completed. Now immediately client application will go ahead and ask the resource server saying that I'm trying to invoke so and so API, please give me the response. You can see inside this step there is no authentication, there is no access token. Seems this guy are this client is new to the oauth2 flow. The resource server at the Gateway server is going to respond. Sorry buddy, I can only process the request, who provides an access token from the auth server. So go ahead and get an access token from the auth server. Now my client application, which is a lazy application, again trying to complain within itself, saying that now I should send the request again to different server. Oh, seems a pretty bad day for me. So that's what it is thinking. As a next step, it has to send the request to the auth server saying that Hey auth server, please give me the access token and the auth server is going to respond. I can't give you access token just like that. I don't know who you are. In order to get an access token from me, you need to register with me and the same needs to be approved by my admin. So the client don't know all the story. So behind the scenes what it will do is it will take enough approvals and it will complete the registration process with the Keycloak server. Once this registration process is completed as a next step, the client application this time is going to invoke the auth server again saying that please give me an access token, this time I have a valid clientId, client secret. Please take this and give me an access token. So now my ad server will say Don't get too much excited. I'm going to show lot many access tokens to many clients. Seems you are pretty excited about this. This is very normal to me. So after saying this, the kick lock is going to validate the client credentials and it is going to respond back with the access token. If the key clock supports OpenID also in such scenarios, along with the access Token, the client also going to get the ID token as well. So in the step six, the ad server is going to say, Congratulations buddy, you got an access token here, your access token, all the best. With that, the client application feels very happy and it feels like it accomplished something. But the story not ended there. It has only just access token. It didn't get . It don't have actual resources staying inside the easy bank network. So soon it will realize this and it is going to forward the request to the resource server this time along with the request, it is also going to send the access token. Now as a next step, my resource server are my spring cloud Gateway is going to validate the same access token with the auth server. So the Spring Cloud Gateway says, I can't believe this client application. Last time also this guy came to me and asked me to send the response without any access token. This time, I'm not sure if this guy came with a valid access token or he's trying to bluff me with some random access token. The gateway gossiped all this into the Keycloak auth server. Now my keyclock auth server says, don't worry, I'm going to validate this for you. And once the validation is completed, the ad server confirm back to the gateway saying that, since this guy is valid, please go ahead and process his request and respond the same to him. So now my spring cloud gateway is going to forward the request to the individual microservices like accounts, cards and loans. And once the response is received from the individual microservices, it is going to forward the same back to the client application. And with this, the story ended happily. Now the client application received the response from the gateway and with that now everyone can go back to the holiday mode. I hope this is clear. Now, I know this is completely theory. You may have lot many questions like how we are going to convert our spring cloud gateway as a resource server, how we are going to set up the auth server with the help of key clock, how we are going to register the client application inside the auth server. So I know you may have many questions. Don't worry, I'm there for you. I'm going to guide at each and every step and in the same process all these things that we have discussed will be more clear for you. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.