We decided to secure our gateway server with the help of client credentials. Grant type flow inside OAuth two framework to get started with the same. First, we need to set up our own authorization server with the help of tools like Keycloak. For the same, I came to the website keycloak. Here on this web page you can click on this get started. And here there are various options on how we can set up authorization server with the help of Keycloak. Since inside our local system we have Docker installed and we also have docker compose file for our microservices. It will be a good idea to get started with the help of Docker. For the same. I'm going to click on this Docker option here. Inside this page we have details on how to start the server. So this is the command. So let me copy this command. Now inside that terminal I'm going to run the same command which is docker run hyphen p and post that we have a port mapping. But here there is a problem with this port mapping. We know we are following the same port mapping for our accounts microservice also, so I'm fine. Key clock starting at the port 8080. Internally inside the Docker network. So I'm not going to change this, but I'm not going to expose key clock to the outside world at the port 8080 because I'm already doing that for accounts microservice. If I do the same for key clock, then definitely there will be port to conflict error. So with that reason I'm going to change this port number to 7080. So from my local system I can access the key clock server at the port 7080. Before this port mapping I'm also going to give hyphen D, which will start my clock container in a detached mode. And after the port mapping you can see we are trying to provide some environment variables with the help of these hyphen E. The very first environment variable is key clock underscore admin. So what is the username that we want to set for our key clock auth server, which can be used by the admin to create the clients or to set up the auth server. So the username I'm going to keep it as admin. And very similarly the admin password. I'm going to set it as admin only after these environment variables we have that Docker image name of keycloak after the docker image name. You should also give this command which is start hyphen dev. So with this we are telling I'm trying to run the clock server in the dev mode. So behind the scenes the clock is going to have some internal database using which we can store all the user credentials and the client credentials. But in production environments we should have some dedicated database configured for the Keycloak auth server. So I hope you are clear. So now let me try to run this command. With this you can see a new container started inside my local system. I can also confirm the same by going to the Docker desktop. Inside my Docker desktop. You can see there is a running container with the name Keycloak and it is exposing the traffic at the port 7080. Now as a next step, I'll try to access the key clock at the port localhost 7080. So this is my key Keycloak homepage. Here. I need to click on this administration console and it is going to ask me what are the admin credentials? We need to use the same credentials that we have mentioned inside that docker run command. So let me use the same credentials which are admin. And the password also is going to be admin. Now I'm clicking on this sign in button and you can see this is my Keycloak admin console. Using this admin console, only my admin of the ad server can create various clients users. So there is a lot of functionality available inside this auth server. We are going to explore more about this ad server in the coming lectures. But for now I just wanted to highlight you about what is this master realm? So you can see there is only one realm as of now, which is master, and if needed, we can also create more realms inside the ad server. So what is a realm inside any ad server like Keycloak realm is a boundary where you want to create a set of client credentials or user credentials. So think like this is like an environment. By default Keycloak is going to provide a realm with the name master, but if needed, you can create more realms like dev, QA, prod. So based upon your requirements, because the end users are the clients, they are not going to use the same credentials across various environments. We can't force our QA team to use the same credentials like we have inside the production, that's why. So to overcome these challenges, we have the concepts like realm inside the auth server. As of now we have only one realm which is master. Throughout this course we are going to use the same. I hope you are clear with this setup. If you are facing some issues, please make sure you have at least a Java 17 inside your local system. Otherwise, the key clock is not going to start because the minimum Java version is Java 17. With this, we successfully set up our server inside our easy bank microservices network. Did you see how easy it is behind the scenes? This server has a lot of functionality based upon the OpenID and OAuth two standards. We are going to explore more about this in the coming lectures. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.