As of now, we have the auth server set up inside our Easy Bank microservices network. As a next step, we need to register a external client application with this auth server. Let's assume we are the external client applications who are trying to communicate with the auth server to get an access token. So that using the same access token, I can try to invoke the gateway server, which is the resource server. So as the developer or as the lead of these external client application, who is trying to communicate with the auth server using backend APIs. First, I need to approach to the admin of the keycloak and make sure I'm registering myself and I'm getting enough approval from the keycloak admin and from the leaders of the Easy Bank microservices network. Let's assume the keycloak admin received all approvals required to register the client details of this external application. So what keycloak admin will do now is going to register a client with the auth server by coming to this admin console. So first we need to make sure he is under the right realm. As of now we have only one realm, so we should be good with this default realm. So now if you see here there is a client's option. So let me click on this. And here there are certain default clients which are created by keycloak internally. As a next step inside this page, I have import client option or I can also create the client by using this button. So let me click on the same. So here under the client type, we need to make sure we are selecting the OpenID Connect because we are planning to use the Oauth2 framework. Like you can see, there is no separate option for OAuth2 and OpenID. Because when we select OpenID Connect internally, we are also going to use OAuth2 framework as well. The reason is OpenID Connect is a wrapper that is built on top of OAuth2 framework. So first we need to give what is a client ID? So this is like username of my client application. Think like there is an call center application inside the easy bank. So this EasyBankCallCenterApplication, they want to interact with the microservices network that we have built using backend APIs. So that's why I want to give the client ID name as easybank-callcenter-CC. The CC indicates this is the client ID that I have created for client credentials grant type flow. So the CC indicates client credentials. After that we can try to give some name. I'll try to give something like EasyBank Call Center App. The same I will try to mention inside the description as well. Once we have given these details, we can click on this next button under this client authentication we need to make sure we are enabling this because we want our client to be authenticated itself with the auth server by providing its own credentials. Then only my auth server has to issue the access token. If we disable this, then any client can come and they can try to invoke our auth server. That's why I'm trying to enable this client authentication. Now under this authentication flow, please disable the standard flow and direct access grants because as of now we are trying to leverage client credentials, grant type flow where two different applications that are trying to communicate with each other through REST APIs or through backend logic. So for the same, we need to make sure we are selecting these service account roles. If you can click on this help button, you will be able to see that this supports client credentials, grant type flow. So please make sure service account roles is selected and all other flows are disabled or unselected. Like I said before, we have various flows inside the OAuth2 framework which we need to use based upon the scenario we are into. So based upon the current scenario, we should select service account roles. Now I'm clicking on this next button. Please leave the route URL and home URL empty. Now you can click on the save button. As soon as you click on the save button, you can see a new client is created based upon the client ID that we have created and this client is going to support OpenID connect. Now, coming to the credentials of this client, we have not given any credentials. The credentials are going to be auto generated by the keycloak to understand what are these credentials. My keycloak admin can click on these credentials and here you can see there is a client secret. If you can press on these eye symbol, you should be able to see what is the client secret. So this is the client ID, which is easy bank call center hyphen CC And this is the client secret. So every time my client application wants to get an access token from the keycloak, which is an auth server, it needs to make sure it is providing this client ID and client secret because you can see the client authenticator as of now, the keycloak admin selected as client ID and secret. There are other options also like Signed Jwt or using certificate, so there are many other options. But we'll go with the default option, which is Client Id and Secret . So with this we have successfully resisted and client application with the auth server. Inside the next lecture, I'm going to show you a demo of how to get an access token from the auth server by using these client details. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.