Now, inside this lecture, let me show you how a client application can connect with the auth server to get an access token. For the same, first, my client application should know what is the endpoint URL that it has to invoke to get an access token. So to understand the same, we can click on this realm settings. So let me click on the same. Since my session is expired, let me try to enter the credentials one more time. Like admin, admin. I'm trying to click on the sign in button. Now you can see I'm on to the Realm Settings page. Inside this page, if you can scroll down at the end, you will have an endpoint section and here you can click on this OpenID endpoint configuration and this will give you the list of endpoint URL supported by your auth server. Now since we are trying to get an access token, we need to look for an endpoint with the name token endpoint. So this is the endpoint URL that my client application has to invoke to get an access token. So let me take the same. I'll go to the postman. Inside the Postman Under the Microservices collection, I have created a folder with the name Keycloak. And inside this folder there is an request with the name Client Credentials Access Token. If you have imported the collection that I have provided inside the GitHub repo, you will be able to see the same folder and the request inside your postman as well. So let me click on the same. So here you can see I'm trying to mention the same URL, which is localhost:7080/realms/master/protocol/openid-connect/token. To this endpoint, my client application who ever is trying to get an access token they need to make a post request. That's why I have selected the post request and at the body we need to select these form URL encoded option. After that, we need to send certain details. The very first information is what is the grant type that right now my client application is trying to follow. So the grant type that we are right now focusing is client credentials grant type flow. That's why we need to make sure we are mentioning the exact value client and our credentials. Inside this web page also, you should be able to see the value like these are all the grant type supported by the auth server. And right now we are trying to follow the client credentials. You can copy the same value and try to mention the same here. After that, we need to mention what is the client Id. So this is the same username that we have created in the previous lecture and after the client_id we need to mention what is the client_secret and this is the client secret. Now coming to the scope, we need to mention openid space email space profile. So these are the three scopes that my client application want the auth server to consider while issuing an access token. So here you may have a question like we didn't assign any scopes to the client that we have created. So that's a great question. So let me try to explain the same. Inside the Keycloak admin you can try to open the client that we have created and you will be able to see a tab with the name client scopes. So you can see there are some default scopes that are assigned to your client, like address, email, phone, profile, roles. So these are all the default roles provided by the Keycloak server. We don't need to create them. We don't need to assign them. If we need something specific to your client, then we need to create a client scope here with the help of this client scope and assign the same to your clients. We are going to explore these in the coming lectures, but here you may not see a OpenID scope. The reason is by default since we are following the OpenID Connect, you can see here the OpenID Connect is mentioned, which means by default, the OpenID scope will be provided for all the clients. That's why here I have mentioned the same OpenID and post that email and profile. So once we have given the scope details, we should be good. Let me try to click on the send button and in the response you are going to receive access token and it is going to expire in 60s and the token type is Bearer. And you can also see there is an ID token issued along with the access token. So by default your access token is going to expire in 60s. If needed you can try to change that inside your admin console of the keycloak. So here there is a wrap option also here, if you can click on this wrap option, your access token, you should be able to see completely and similarly, this is the complete ID token. I can also show you what happens if we don't mention these open ID scope. So let me try to remove this. Now I'm trying to send the request again, so this time I'll get a new access token. But this time you can see I got only access token and there is no ID token. So some clients, if they don't want the ID token, then they can simply invoke only email and profile. But it's always recommended to use the scope which is open ID, you will get to know more details about your client or your end user. So let me try to click on this send button. So now we have again a new access token and ID token. So this is a JWT token. So there is lot of history about JWT tokens if you are not aware about them. Like I said, please enroll into my spring security course and with that you should be able to learn everything about JWT tokens. So for now, I'm going to select this JWT token and I'm going to show you what is present inside this JWT token. Because as a humans, we cannot really understand what is this because this is all base64 encoded. So to understand more details about my JWT token, I can go to a website with the name jwt.io. Inside this Google result, I'm going to open the very first one which is jwt.io. And inside this web page I'm going to paste my encoded JWT token that I have received from the Access Token. With that, you will be able to see the decoded details of your access token. Like what is the algorithm used by your auth server to generate this token, what is the type of token like I said, auth server is going to follow the JWT token format after the type we have kid, kid means key ID this we have under the header of the token and now coming to the payload of the token you will be able to see when the token is going to expired. When the token is issued, who is the issuer and what is the client ID like you can see these are the client ID. After the client ID, you should be able to see what are the roles that these client application has inside. So these are all the roles. What is a scope, what is a client host, is the email verified, what is the preferred username, what is the client ID. So we will be having basic details about your client application. Now let me try to analyze what is there inside the ID token. So I'm trying to copy these ID token value and the same I'm going to paste it here and here you will be able to see under the payload we have some details like what is the client ID, what is the client host, what is the preferred username. So most of these details are also present inside the access token, but if needed, you can try to enhance this ID token by trying to send more details about your client application inside the ID token. With this, I'm assuming you are super clear about how to get an access token by connecting to the Keycloak server. Whenever we are trying to follow the client credentials grant type flow. Here I tried to mimic the scenario like client application is trying to invoke the auth server with the help of Postman. But in real projects the client application will try to invoke this API with this body from their Java code or from their backend code. And with that they will be able to successfully get an access token and using the same access token they are going to invoke the resource server. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.