We set up our own ad server and post that we also created client details inside the auth server and with the same details now we are able to get an access token. So everything set up on the client side and the auth server. The only pending part as of now is resource server. As an next step, we need to convert our gateway server as a resource server and post that we should try to send the access token to the resource server and see if everything is working like the way we expect. So to get started around these changes, I'm going to create a new folder inside my workspace location and this folder I'm going to create with the help of the previous code that we have created inside the Section 11. So let me copy this Section 11 related code and I'm trying to paste the same here. Post that I'm going to rename the same to the section 12. Inside this section 12, I'm going to look for any hidden files so there is some hidden file with the name .idea. So let me delete this. Now as a next step, I will go to the IntelliJ idea and try to open this section 12. Here let me click on this open button and go to the Storage, Workspaces Microservices section 12 and post that I'm going to click on this open button. So now you can see I'm trying to load all my Maven projects inside this section 12 folder and post that I'm also going to do the build, which will ask me to enable the annotation processing. So let me enable them. As a next step, let me open the pom.xml present inside the Gateway server. Here I'm going to add three dependencies which are related to the security. So just above that dev tools, I'm going to introduce three new dependencies. Let me paste these dependencies. You can also get them from the GitHub repo. So you can see the first dependency is spring boot stater security. With this, I'm trying to add the spring security project into my gateway server. After that, in order to convert my gateway server as an OAuth2 resource server, I need to use this dependency which is spring-security-oauth2-resource-server. And since we are using JWT related tokens, we need to make sure we are adding these spring security oauth2-jose dependency inside the pom.xml. So once you have added these three dependencies, please load the Maven changes which will download all the libraries related to these three dependencies. After this, I'm going to create a new package inside my gateway server and this new package name is going to be com.eazybytes.gatewayserver.config because inside this I'm going to create some security related configurations. Inside this config package, I'm going to create a new class. The class name is going to be SecurityConfig. Inside this SecurityConfig class, first I'm going to mention @Configuration annotation because I will try to create some beans inside this class. So to communicate the same to my spring framework to create these beans during the startup, I need to mention this annotation which is @Configuration. The next annotation that I want to use here is, @EnableWebFluxSecurity. Since Spring Cloud Gateway built based upon the spring reactive module, we need to make sure we are using these EnableWebFluxSecurity annotation. If it is a normal spring boot web application, then you should use the annotation, which is @EnabledWebSecurity. I hope it is clear as a next step, I'm going to create a method inside this class and this method is going to create a bean. But that reason first I'm going to mention @Bean annotation and below this annotation, I'm going to create a method which is public, and the return type from this method is going to be SecurityWebFilterChain and the method name I'll just keep it as springSecurityFilterChain. This is the random method name that I'm trying to use. And to this method we need to accept an input parameter which is ServerHttpSecurity. Post that I'm going to mention curly braces. So as of now you can see we have an empty body here. Now inside this method using the input parameter, which is ServerHttpSecurity. I need to invoke a method which is authorizeExchange. So there are two types of methods. One is deprecated, the other one is authorizeExchange, which is going to accept some configurations. So let me invoke the non deprecated method to this authorizeExchange method. We need to pass the lambda configurations. So let me try to write some lambda configuration here. First, I'll try to give some random name to my lambda configuration variable. The variable name is going to be exchanges and post that, I'm going to use the lambda symbol, followed by what is a variable name, which is exchanges. Using these exchanges, you can mention any exchange that means any kind of requests you want to be authenticated. That means all the requests that are coming towards your gateway server has to be authenticated. That's what we are trying to achieve with the help of these authenticated. For some reason, if you want to permit everything you can use permitAll(). But right now I don't want to go either like completely authenticated or with completely permitAll(). I want to have some API's to be accessible without any security. Whereas for other type of API's I want them to be protected so that only authenticated users can access them. So to achieve the same first, let me delete all these dot authenticated and any exchange. So any exchange means all type of requests. So after this exchanges, I'm going to invoke a method which is pathMatches. So here pathMatches has three different overloaded methods. The very first method is, it is going to accept what is the Http method type. So I'm going to invoke the same to this pathMatches method. I'm going to mention HttpMethod.get(). So for all the APIs inside my gateway server that supports Http get method, I want to permitAll() that means any client application they can invoke the get APIs inside my gateway server. Without any security, they can fetch the data and they can process on their side. So think like this is kind of one of the business requirement where your microservices network is fine to send the data in a read only mode. But if someone is trying to create or update or delete, then only you want to enforce some security. So like we know we followed a standard inside all the get api methods. We are simply reading the data. So that's why I'm trying to provide the permitAll() for all such get APIs if needed you can make them also authenticated. It's up to you since I want to show you the various flavors of permitAll() and authenticated I'm trying to go with this approach. Now as a next step, we need to enforce some security for the remaining APIs. For the same, let me go to the next line and here I'm going to again invoke the pathMatches() method, but this time I'm going to invoke the pathMatches() method that is going to accept the string representation of Antipatterns. So what are these antipatterns. So these are the API paths that I want to secure or I want to permit all. So here I'm going to mention a pattern which is any path which has a prefix of easybank/accounts. I want it to be authenticated. So that only authenticated users can access. And very similarly, I'm going to invoke pathMatches() multiple times and instead of accounts I'm going to mention as cards and postcards, I'm going to mention loans. With this, I have secured all my accounts, cards and loans related REST APIs inside my gateway server. But since we have mentioned these configuration, this first configuration will have the first priority. That means if someone is trying to invoke the get APIs inside these three patterns, it is going to permit all, even though I have mentioned authenticated, but I'm trying to give some first preference configurations in the top. That's why all the get  REST APIs in all these three microservices are going to be permit all. But apart from that, get APIs remaining all APIs are going to be authenticated due to these configurations. And here you may have a question, can't we mention these patterns with the help of comma separated values? Off course you can mention all of them using comma separated. But there is a reason on why I'm trying to mention in separate path matches you will get to know in the coming lectures. After we have defined these details, we need to invoke a method which is oauth2ResourceServer(). So with this we are trying to convert our gateway server as an Oauth2 resource server. To this resource server also, we need to pass the configurations in a lambda style. So let me try to create a lambda expression variable and post that I'm going to mention what is a lambda symbol followed by the same lambda expression variable. And using this lambda expression variable, I'm going to invoke a method JWT. Because we are trying to use that JWT tokens. So that's why I need to use the same. To this JWT method we need to pass Customizer.withDefaults(). With this I'm trying to tell to the spring security framework, please use the default configurations related to the JWT tokens. Once we have defined all those details, we can try to mention a colon here with with this, we have mentioned all the required custom configurations with the help of this serverHttpSecurity. Now using the same serverHttpSecurity, I need to invoke the csrf() method. Using the csrf method, I need to disable the csrf protection provided by the spring security framework because csrf protection is only needed when browsers are involved. Since in our scenario there are no browsers involved, we can disable this protection. Otherwise all your post(), put(), delete(). They are going to fail because you have not handled the csrf attack. I talked about the csrf in detail inside my spring security course. If you are interested please enroll into the same. So now, like I said to the csrf method, I'm going to pass a lambda expression with the lambda variable saying that csrf specification. Now using the same lambda variable, I'm going to invoke the method disable(). With this, I'm trying to disable the csrf protection and at last we need to build a return statement and using the same variable which is serverHttpSecurity, I need to invoke the build() method and this build method is going to return the object of SecurityWebFilterChain which will be converted as a bean with the help of this bean annotation. As a next step, we should also tell to the resource server on how to validate the access token that it is going to receive from the client application. As of now, my resource server does not have any clue about what is the auth server, what is the endpoint URL of the auth server, what is the process that it needs to follow to validate the access token. So to provide all these details to the resource server, we need to make an configuration inside the application.yaml file. Here under the spring elements, we are going to create a new property. This property is spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.jwk.- set - url and what is the auth server url using which my resource server can download the certificates during the startup of this resource server application. So from where did I get this URL? Like I said before, inside this list of configurations, if you can search for a path that ends with certs, you will be able to see a path. And the same path I'm trying to mention inside the application.yml. So what is the purpose of this path? During the startup of the resource server, it is going to connect with the resource server and it is going to download a public certificate from the Keycloak server. So what is the purpose of this public certificate? Using this public certificate, my resource server can validate if a given access token is really issued by the Keycloak server. If yes, is it a valid access token or an invalid access token? So all those checks on the access token, it can perform with the help of this public certificate. The keycloak is going to have private certificates. Using the private certificates, the keycloak can only issue the new tokens, whereas with the help of this public certificate, any server like resource server can validate if a given access token is valid or not. They cannot really produce new tokens, but they should be able to validate if the given access token is valid or not. In total, we have made three changes. First, we have added the dependency inside the pom.xml post that we have created this class and after that we have mentioned these property inside the application.yml. With this now our gateway server should be protected and will act as a resource server inside the client credentials grant flow. So let me save these changes. Do a build. In the next lecture, we can try to test these changes. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.