Now is the time to test our security related changes. To test our changes behind the scenes, I have started all the applications. First, I have started the config server followed by Eureka Server and after the Eureka server I have started accounts, loans, CardsApplication and at last I also started GatewayserverApplication. Now let me go to the postman. Inside the postman, in this microservices collection you should be able to see the folder with the name Gateway Server under security. First I'm going to show you that all the get API's inside our microservices, they are going to work without any security. But at the same you can see I have provided different get API request under accounts, cards and loans. So this is the get where we are trying to invoke the path contact-info. You can see I'm trying to invoke this against accounts microservice. There is no authorization as well. So if I try to click on this send button, you should be able to see a successful response. . So this confirms there is no security expected for accounts microservice whenever we are trying to invoke the get API. So let me confirm the same for cards microservice under cards I'm trying to invoke the path, which is Java version. So here I'm trying to click on the send button. You see I'm getting a successful response now as a next step, I'm going to invoke the build-info API available inside the loans. So let me try to change this to loans microservice. With this now I can try to click on the send button and you can see I'm getting the successful response. So this confirms get APIs there is no need of security. So let me close all these get related APIs. Now I also have the fourth request where I'm trying to invoke the post API available inside the accounts microservice, which is create. So I'm trying to create a new account, but I'm not going to pass any authentication. You can see under authorization, there is no authentication information. So simply I'm going to send the body. So now what we can expect, obviously we should expect 401 error. So let me try to invoke this API. Hooray we are getting the 401 error, which is I'm not authorized to invoke this API. Because I didn't send any access token. I hope you are super happy now because our gateway server is secured. Now let me show you how to test our secured APIs by passing the access token. For the same, you can try to invoke the next request which where we are going to invoke the Create API available inside the accounts microservice. But this time we are going to send some authorization information. So in order to send this access token we can first try to invoke this OpenID Connect Token API by passing all the client credentials, scope details and we'll get the access token, we can copy these and we can take that and we can mention inside the postman request that we are going to send. So this is a very lengthy approach. Instead, we can try to leverage one of the beautiful feature provided by the postman. Under the authorization tab, if you can open on this type, you should be able to see various types of authorization supported by the postman. And here, since we are trying to use Oauth2, please select the OAuth 2.0 and post that it will ask you what is the token name that you want to consider? So here I have given this name and post that under the grant type since we are trying to use the client credentials, please make sure you are selecting the client credentials and now it will ask you what is your access token URL? You can mention the same which we have used here. So the same I have mentioned here also. And now it will ask you what is the client ID? What is the client secret? You can mention the same scope details. Now if you can scroll down here, there is an client authentication option. Please make sure you are selecting these, send the client credentials in body. After this, if you can scroll down, you will have an option which is get new access token. So behind the scenes it is going to send a request to the server and it will get a new access token which you can use as part of this request. So let me click on this new access token. You can see the authentication is complete and now I should have an access token. So these access token, which is clientcredentials_access token. I can click on this use token with that whatever access token that I have here will be populated inside my authorization here. Like you can see under the use token type, since I have mentioned the access token, it is trying to use the same access token. We also have ID token option, but since we need to send the access token, please make sure you are selecting the access token and your token name, which is client credentials access token. On the left hand side, you will be able to see how you want to send your access token. So please make sure you are selecting add authorization data to RequestHeader. Inside the RequestHeaders, we want to send this access token with the header prefix as bearer. So if I go to headers right right now, you will be able to see a header with the name authorization and it has bearer prefix along with the access token. So this is going to help you to avoid the manual process of getting the access token every time and pasting it here. Instead of that, whenever you want to get an access token, you can click on this. You will get an access token, you post that, you can click on the use token and that will replace with the new token that you have fetched. So now I'm going to click on this send button. Before that I'll make sure the body is correct. So let me click on the send button. You can see I'm getting a successful response. Because right now I am using the valid access token. If I try to send that again, I'll get some bad request error because customer already registered. So now what I will do is, I will try to tamper these access token with some random value. So I have deleted few characters and I'm trying to send the request again. This time you can see I'm getting a 401 unauthorized. That means my resource server, our gateway server now is smart enough to validate my access token. So let me try to test the other post APIs available inside the cards and loans as well. So I'm trying to open the next request here. Here we are trying to create new card. So I have selected the same like type as OAuth 2.0 and I make sure I have selected all the details like token name. What is the access token url,  grant type, client ID, client secret, scope. So once you have filled all the required details, you can click on this get new Access token, you can click on the proceed and post that you can click on this use token. So now I'm going to click on this send button. You can see I'm getting a successful response. Now I'll do the same for loans under the authorization. I'll make sure I'm clicking on this, get new access token clicking on this proceed. I'll get an access token. Let me use the same and post that I'm going to click on this send button. As a last step, I can try to invoke the fetchCustomerDetails() and validate if I'm able to fetch all my accounts, loans and cards details. And this operation does not need any authentication because it is an Http get API. So let me click on the send button and you can see I'm getting a successful response. With this, I'm assuming your super, super clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.