Instructor: Are you excited to see the authorization demo inside our gateway server? I know you're super excited. For the same, without any delays, let me go to the Postman. Inside The Postman, first, I will try to create a new account with the help of these accounts/api/create. But this time, we need to make sure we are changing the mobile number because we already created a account with this mobile number. So let me change the 687 to 688, and post that, I'll go to the Authorization tab, and here, I will try to click on this New Access Token. So behind the scenes, my Keycloak app server will attach the roles information also to this access token. I can click on this Use Token, and post that, I'm going to click on this Send button. You can see I am getting the 201, which is account created successfully. Now, I'll go to the Cards API. Here also, I will try to create cards information with the same mobile number. But do you think I'll get a successful response? So let's see what it is going to happen. So I'm going to click on this New Access Token. Post that, I'll click on this Proceed. I will use the New Access Token that I received, and now I'm clicking on this Send button. Boom, you can see I'm getting 403 error. That means I'm authorized, that's why I'm not getting 401 error, but I'm getting 403 because I don't have enough privileges. How to fix this issue? We need to provide enough privileges to the client application. For the same, I'll go to the Keycloak Administration Console. Here, I'll go to the Realm roles and create a new role with the name CARDS, and the description, I'll just keep it as Cards Role. Let me save this, and post that, I'll go to the Clients. I'll open this eazybank-callcenter. I'll go to the Service account roles, and here, click on this Assign role, and I'm going to assign the new role, which is CARDS. With this, now my client application should be able to invoke the Cards API as well. So before I try to test this API, let me go to the Authorization and try to get a new access token. This new access token will have the roles information related to the cards as well. So let me copy these and press on this Use Token. Here, under the JWT website. I'm going to paste the same. And this time, you should be able to see two roles like Accounts and Cards. So this confirms our cards role information is present inside the access token. So now, let me click on this Send button. You can see this time, I'm getting a successful response. As a next step, I'll go to the Loans. First, I'll try to invoke the Loans API with the mobile number as 688. Here, I'll try to get an access token, and this access token will not have the roles information, which is Loans. So that's why I will get a 403 Forbidden error. Here, you know the drill. First, we need to go to the Realm roles, and here, click on this Create role and create the loan, which is LOANS. Please make sure you are following the exact case-sensitive details. Otherwise, the authorization will fail. In the description, I'm going to mention Loans Description. I'm going to save this role. I'll go to the Clients and open eazybank-callcenter, and go to the Service account roles, and here, I'll click on this Assign role and select the LOANS. So now, let me assign this role to the client application. Now, I'll go to the Postman. Here, first, I'll try to get a new access token. Click on this Proceed, Use Token. As a next step, I will try to submit these requests with the help of this Send button. You can see, I'm getting a successful response. With this, I'm assuming you are super clear about how to enforce authentication and authorization with the help of OAuth 2 framework and authorization server like Keycloak. So I have defined my own security requirements. In real world, your requirements can be more complex, but the approach is going to be same. If you want to learn more about Spring Security, my request to you is to enroll my Spring Security course. With this, we can conclude the Client Credentials Grant Flow. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture. Bye.