As of now, we saw a scenario inside our microservices where an external backend server or an external API, they're trying to communicate with our microservices using backend APIs and there is no end user involved. So for such scenarios we have to use client credentials grant type flow. But how about if your client application who are trying to consume your microservices is an application or mobile application. In such scenarios definitely if there is a UI application or a mobile application, there will be an associated end user who is trying to use that website or mobile application. So in these kind of scenarios we should use authorization code grant type flow which is available inside the Oauth2 framework. Like you can see here, we have four different roles user, client, auth server and resource server in the Stack overflow scenario that we tried previously. This is the grant type flow that is used behind the scenes because I'm as an end user trying to use the client application, which is Stack Overflow and Stack Overflow is trying to fetch my details present inside the GitHub server by communicating with the auth server and resource server of the GitHub company. With that quick introduction, let me try to give you what are the steps that are going to happen behind the scenes whenever we try to use this authorization code grant type flow. First the end user will go to the client application may be using browser or using a mobile application. He will ask the client application, I want to access my resources and where are these resources inside the resource server. So the response from the client application will be tell the auth server that you are fine to do this action. So inside this step two, the client will redirect the user to the login page of the auth server so the user has to enter his credentials in the step three, saying that these are my credentials to prove my identity and please allow the client application to access my resources. Once auth server validated the end user details, it is going to issue an temporary code with the name authorization code to the client application. That's why we call these grant type flow as authorization code grant type flow. So this authorization code is not access token. In order to get the access token my client application, it has to invoke the auth server with the client credentials along with the authorization code that it has received in the Step four. So now my arch server will validate if the authorization code is valid, which it has shared in the previous step along with the authorization code it also going to validate the client credentials whether the client ID and client secret are valid or not. If everything looks good, then it is going to issue an access token. Once the access token is received by my client application, the story is going to be similar like client credentials. The client application is going to send the request to the resource server along with the access token and behind the scenes, the resource server will validate if the access token is valid or not with the auth server. If the access token is valid, it is going to respond back to the client application with the successful response. You can see here the user is never sharing his credentials to the client application. The user is trying to interact directly with the auth server and he will enter his own credentials once the user is proved his identity provided his consent, saying that please allow this client application to access my resources present inside the resource server. Once the auth server validated the end user details, it is not immediately issuing an access token to the client application because it has to validate the client credentials as well. That's why it is going to issue an temporary authorization code using which the client application has to send the request again this time with the client credentials as well. If the client credentials and authorization code is valid, then only it is going to issue an access token. I also provided more details about this grant type flow in the next slide. Like you can see here inside the step two and three where the client application is trying to redirect the end user to the login page of the auth server. So in that process it has to send the what is a client Id but not the client secret, only the client ID it is going to share using this client ID only my auth server is going to alert the end user saying that you are about to share all your resources with so and so application. Please provide your consent. So to display that information the server need this client ID, so based upon the client ID, it is going to fetch all the client related details. Along with the client ID, my client application should also provide what is the redirect URL because once the end user is logged in successfully my auth server has to redirect the end user to a web page or to a URL which is present inside the client application. In the stack overflow scenario also, we saw that as soon as my login inside the GitHub is completed I am redirected back to the stack overflow. So how that is happening is with the help of this redirect URL shared by the stack overflow. After redirect uri, my client application also should ask what are the scope details that it is trying to request from the auth server. This is very similar to what we have discussed inside the client credentials grant type flow. After the scope we have a state variable. So what is the purpose of this state variable? This is to make sure there is no csrf attack happening in the authorization code grant type flow. I'm going to show you the purpose of this state variable inside a small demo in few minutes. But for now, please note that this is a randomly generated token which is used to avoid the csrf attack. After the state variable, the client application should also send response type inside this response type It needs to mention a value code and this indicates to my auth server saying that that my client application is trying to follow the authorization code grant type flow. And as a response of this step two and step three, it is expecting an authorization code from the auth server. So once the authorization code is received by my client application as part of step two and three in the Step five, the client application is going to make a one more request to the auth server to get an access token. So in this step five, first it is going to send the code that it has received in the previous step. Along with the code, it should also send what is a client ID and client secret to prove its identity. Now, under the grant type, we should mention the value authorization code which will convey to the ad server that we are trying to follow the authorization code grant type flow and at last you already know what is the purpose of redirect uri. So I know this is super complex to understand, but if I show you multiple demos, it is going to be super clear for you. Let me try to show you a quick demo very quickly around this authorization code grant type flow. For the same, I came to the website which is OAuth2 playground. Inside this website we can try to test various OAuth grant type flow. There is no option for client credentials inside this website for some reason, but we are more interested about to test the authorization code grant type flow. So let me click on this authorization code. So if you click on this register a client application, you will have some details. What is the purpose of this step client registration. So you can read them and click on this register button and post that you can see behind the scenes it it generated a client ID and client secret. So this has to be used by the client application. And since inside the authorization code grant flow, there will be an end user involved. It randomly generated an end user account like this is the login and this is the password. We need to make sure we are noting these values so that we can continue with the flow. I can click on this open a new window. So these are my user details. Now I'll go back and here I'll click on this continue. So inside the step one, you can see the client application has to build the authorization URL. Like this is the server URL where it is trying to send the response type as code along with the client ID and inside the redirect uri it is trying to give some URL where the end user needs to be landed back. After the redirect uri, under the scope you can see it is trying to request the scopes related to photo and half line access. And like I said, state is a randomly generated value, so please make a note of this state value. So now I'm going to click on this authorize button. This will redirect my end user to the auth server login page where he has to enter his username and password. So let me take the username that I have here and enter the same here and post that and I'm going to enter the same, after entering the credentials, I'm going to click on this login button. So here you can see it is trying to take my consent saying that so and so application would like to access my photos. If I'm fine, I'm going to provide my consent saying that I'm approving this. Now I'm landed back onto the OAuth playground and here you can see we need to make sure the state value is same as what we have sent in the previous request. So this will make sure that no hacker in between tampered your request. So to avoid the csrf attacks, we need to make sure to send the state variable and along with the state variable, my auth server is also going to send me back the authorization code. So this is the authorization code value. If my state value looks good to me, then I can click on this it matches continue and now you can see inside this step, my client application is going to make a post request with a grant type as authorization code, client ID, client secret. And what is the redirecturi and what is the authorization code value that it has received in the previous step. Now, if I click on this go, you will be able to get a successful token in the response. So like you can see, I am receiving an access token. I hope this is more clear for you by seeing at this demo. My humble request is, please try this demo by yourself inside this website and try to correlate with what we have discussed. Now, before I try to close this lecture, let me try to answer one of the question that you may have. The question you may have here is why the authorization code grant flow is expecting to request from the client application. Why can't my authorization server can issue an access token with a single request like we saw in the very first step, the auth server will redirect the end user to the login page and it is going to issue an temporary authorization code using the same authorization code the client application again has to make a request in the backend to get an access token. The reason why this grant flow design this way is to make the communication between the auth server and the client application more secure. Because in the client grant flows there is no browser involved. Whereas with this flow, since there is browser or mobile application involved, there is a good chance some hacker can be involved in the communication between the client application and auth server and he may steal the access token. So to make sure no one is stealing the access token. So these two different validation steps are these two different layers of security is designed inside this grant flow. We have a grant flow with the name implicit grant type flow, which will get an access token within a single step. It is not going to follow the steps that we have discussed inside this grant flow, inside the implicit grant type flow, the end user at the client application is going to get the access token within a single step. But since this grant flow is less secure, it is deprecated long back and in the same place now the recommendation is to use the authorization code grant type flow. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.