Now, inside this lecture, let's try to understand how these authorization code grant flow will work inside the easy bank microservices scenario. First like you can see, there will be an UI web application or mobile application. We call this application as an client application, and there will be an end user who is trying to use this client application. So the end user is going to perform some action which needs the response from our microservices network. So since the Gateway server is going to act as a resource server, my client application first redirect my end user to a login page of auth server. So here the auth server that we are trying to use is Keycloak. The end user has to enter his credentials and post a successful authentication. The keycloak is going to issue an authorization code to my web application and behind the scenes it is going to make a one more request to get an access token. So let's assume eventually my client application has received the access token from the auth server. So using the same access token, my client application is going to forward the request to the Gateway server, which is acting as an edge server or resource server inside our microservices network. The Gateway server as a next step, it will try to validate if the access token provided by the client application is valid or not by connecting with the keyclock. Once the resource server receives the confirmation that the provided access token is valid, then it is going to forward request to the individual microservices. Now, my individual microservices, they are going to process the request and send the response back to the Gateway and from Gateway it will eventually reach to the client application. The client application will try to display that information on the UI web page or inside the mobile application. And now that information my end user can see on the screen. So this is a very high level flow that may happen inside the easy bank microservices whenever we try to implement authorization code, grant type flow. And just to highlight one more time when we have to implement this authorization code grant flow, whenever an end user is involved, then only we need to use this authorization code grant type flow. Now let me try to explain this authorization code grant type flow with a different perspective. For the same, you can see here we have the client and the end user sitting on the very left hand side. So inside this box you will be able to see there is a UI web page which is being used by my end user. So there will be an resource server which is Spring Cloud Gateway and there will be keycloak auth server. So let's try to understand how this flow is going to work. In the very first step, the client application, which is an innocent client application, trying to invoke the API directly on the spring cloud gateway without any authentication. So it is trying to invoke on behalf of the end user. But the response from my resource server is going to be sorry buddy, I can only process the request. Who provide me an access token, go and get an access token from the auth server. So that's a response from Spring Cloud gateway to the client application and the end user. So now the client application immediately went and asked the auth server, please give me my access token. The response from the auth server will be It laughed and says, I can't give access token just like that. Not to get an access token from me, you and your partner in crime who is end user. Both of you has to register with me and the same needs to be approved by my admin. So now my client application and end user understand the story. So behind the scenes they went and registered with the keycloak and they got enough approvals. Now they have their own credentials set up inside the keycloak. As a next step, this time my client application is going to forward the end user to the login page of keycloak. So in the same process it is only going to forward the client ID but not the client secret. Inside the login page, the end user will enter his credentials and he will give his consent. So once my end user sees this login page, my end user is going to enter his credentials and also is going to provide his consent, saying that please let this client application to access the resource on my behalf. So once my auth server validated all the details, it is going to send the authorization code as a response to the client application. With that, my client should not be happy because the story is not ended now. As a next step, the client application has to invoke the auth server behind the scenes with the client ID, client secret and the authorization code. So if all the details are correct, my auth server eventually will issue an access token to my client application. So the response from that server will be, Hey, congratulations buddy, your details are correct and here is your end user access token. Please don't misuse it. Because this access token is not belongs to you. This access token belongs to the end user. So the end user is believing in you. So please don't misuse that data that you fetch related to the end user. So the client understand the warning and it will make sure it is not misusing. So as a next step, my client application is going to invoke one of the secured API available inside the Spring Cloud Gateway. In the same process, it is also going to send the access token that it has received in the Step nine. So now as a next step, my resource server behind the scenes, it will validate if the access token is valid or not by connecting with the Keycloak auth server. Once my resource server receives confirmation from the server saying that the given access token is valid behind the scenes, my spring cloud gateway is going to forward the request to the individual microservices and once my individual microservices responded with a proper successful response, my gateway or my resource server is going to forward the same to the client application in the step 13. So inside the client application they will display the data in the UI where my end user can see the data. With this, we have discussed totally authorization code grant flow total four times with different, different perspective, with different, different details. We also saw a demo inside the OAuth Playground website. With all these information, I'm assuming your super clear about what is authorization code grant flow. As a next step, let's try to implement this grant type flow inside our microservices network. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.