Now, inside this lecture, let's try to create the client details and the end user details inside the keycloak auth server. So that we can try to implement authorization code grant flow inside our easy bank microservices network. So here, as of now, you can see we have created a client with the name easy-bank-callcenter-cc and you may have a question like why can't we use this easy bank call center CC client. The reason why we can't use this is we have created these client application saying that it is going to support client credential grant type flow, since now we want to use authorization code grant type flow. We need to make sure we are creating a separate client by selecting all the details which are required for authorization code grant type flow. So let me go to the clients and here I'm going to click on this create client. The client type is going to be OpenID Connect. Now under the client ID, I'm going to mention the value as easybank-callcenter-ac, ac indicates authorization code and the name I can try to mention something like Easy Bank Call Center UI app. So let me mention the same inside the description and post that I'm going to click on this next button. Now on this page, please make sure you are enable this client authentication and post that you need to make sure you are selecting these standard flow. This standard flow represents authorization code grant type flow inside the Oauth2 specifications. So that's why we need to select these and unselect all the remaining grant type flows. So please make sure only this value is selected. Now I'm going to click on this next button and here it is going to ask you what is the route to URL home URL, redirect URL and post logout URL and web origins. You can ignore route URL and home URL, but under the valid redirect URL in ideal scenario, we should mention what is the URL that my auth server has to redirect the end user post successful authentication. . Maybe you can redirect the end user to the dashboard web page or to some profile web page once the authentication and access token process is completed. So whatever valid redirect URL that your client application is going to send in the request, the same has to be configured here. This will save from some hacking scenarios. If we don't have this check, then hackers will redirect the access token to their own website, which is very danger. That's why we need to make sure we are mentioning a valid redirect uri. . But for now, since we don't have any proper UI application, I can mention asterisk. That means I'm fine for any kind of redirect uri. And since we don't have any valid UI application inside our setup, we can ignore this post logout redirect uri. Now, under the web origins, I can mention Asterisk. The purpose of this web origins is, in real world, your client application may deploy in a different domain and different port number, whereas auth server are your microservices might be deployed in a different domain and port number. In such scenarios, the browsers will stop the communication between them by throwing an cars related error. So if you want to understand more details about what is cars and what is cross-origin, please refer to my spring security course. Like I said, the cross origin are the cars security feature inside browsers. By default, it will stop the communication between two different domains and port numbers until unless the backend server is allowing. So here I am configuring inside my auth server saying that please accept the request from cross domains as well. By configuring asterisk here I'm fine to receive the traffic from any kind of domain and port number, but in your real projects you can mention what is the actual domain name where your client application is deployed. So let me save this changes. Now I should be able to see the credentials of my client application. You can see this is the client secret and this is the client ID. Now we have created the client details inside the keycloak. As a next step, we should also create end user details inside the keycloak auth server. So here you can see there is an users tab and as of now there is only admin user. So let me try to create a new user here. So the user name I'll just give it as madan and the email, I'll just give it as tutor@eazybytes.com. I'll just make sure I'm enabling these email verified as yes and post that I'll just mention first name as Madan and last name as Reddy and at last I'm going to click on this create button. So once you have created this user, you can go to the credentials tab here. So as of now, you can see there is no password created for this user. So let me try to set a new password. And here I'm going to mention the password as one, two, three, four, five, and I'll confirm the same as one, two, three, four, five. And I'll make sure to mark this as a not temporary password. Otherwise the end user will be forced to change the password whenever he's trying to login into the keycloak very first time. So let me click on the save button and post that I can click on this save password. So with this we have created an end user also. So here you may have a question like in real world, who is going to create the end user details. Is the admin is going to create every time a end user wants to register? Off course not. Keycloak exposes a lot of REST APIs using these REST APIs, any properly authenticated application, they can connect with the Keycloak auth server and they can create the end users by invoking these REST APIs. Maybe I can have some login page on signup page inside my web application. When an end user trying to create the account very first time I can have a signup button which will take him to the signup page and inside the signup page he can enter all his credentials and I can send a request to the keycloak server using REST APIs and Keycloak server can create the users behind the scenes. So if you want to understand what are all the REST APIs supported by the keycloak, you can go to the keycloak website and from the keyclock website you can click on this docs. Under the docs, you should be able to see a section with the name Administration Rest API. Inside this section there are many REST APIs. Details are mentioned that are supported by the keyclock. What is the request format? What is the response format? So all the actions that an admin can do with the help of UI, all these actions are supported by REST API as well. I hope you are clear. Now we have client details and end user details registered inside the auth server. As a next step, let's try to leverage authorization code grant type flow inside our microservices network. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.