Now inside this lecture, let's try to use the authorization code grant type flow and using the same let's try to access the secure resources available behind the gateway server. So to test this authorization code grant type flow, we don't have any UI application or a mobile application. That's fine we don't need to worry. With the help of postman, we should be able to easily mimic an application or a mobile application scenario. For the same, like you can see here, I have created three different post requests with the prefix value auth code. So this is for accounts, this is for cards and this is for loans. So first let me go to the accounts related API. So by default, if I try to invoke definitely I will get an 401 unauthorized. But in order to get a successful response, we need to make sure we are mentioning required details inside the authorization tab of Postman. So under the authorization tab, please make sure you are selecting the type as OAuth 2.0. Now the header prefix value, we can keep it as bearer and post that under the configure new token, please make sure you are giving some token name like here I have given a name which is auth code underscore access token. After the token name we need to make sure we are mentioning the grant type as authorization code. When you select the authorization code as a grant type here, you can fill the details under callback URL, auth URL access token URL, client ID, client secret, scope, state. So callback url is same as the redirect URL that we need to configure. But here you may have a question like how the postman can redirect the end user to the login page of the keycloak. For the same, if you can see here, there is an option here like authorize using browser. So please make sure you are checking this option. So whenever you check this option by default, the callback URL is going to be this value. We cannot change it. Now coming to the auth URL, this is the URL that my client application is going to redirect my end user so that once my end user redirected to this URL, he can enter his credentials and provide his consent and post that my client application is going to receive an authorization code. So using the same authorization code it has to invoke these access token URL. You should be able to get these URLs inside the list of URLs supported by the keycloak. Here we have the list of URLs supported by the keycloak like you can see here authorization endpoint, we need to mention the same inside the postman and very similarly token endpoint, we should also mention this inside the postman. After mentioning this auth URL and access token URL, we need to make sure we are mentioning what is the client ID, what is the client secret and coming to the scope, we need to mention OpenID email profile. Now coming to the state variable. Like I said, this is a variable to handle the csrf attack. So inside this variable we should mention some random alphanumeric value. That's why I have given some random alphanumeric value and post that under the client authentication, please select the option, which is send the client credentials in body. So once you have filled all these details, if we can scroll down, scroll down here, we have a button which is get new access token. Before you try to click on this button, please make sure all your browsers are closed because this button is going to open a new browser inside your system, inside your browser if you already have session related to the admin console, then it is going to consider the login details of the admin. But we don't want the admin credentials to use here. We want actual end user credentials to use. That's why please close any browsers that you have inside your local system. Behind the scenes I make sure I closed all my browsers. I'm clicking on these get new access token. This will redirect me to a browser and here it is asking me to enter my credentials. So I as an end user, I should enter my username, which is Madan and the password is one, two three, four, five. As soon as I click on this sign in button behind the scenes, my postman might have received the authorization code and using the same authorization code, it might have sent a new request to the Keycloak auth server to get an access token. That's why we received the new access token. So let me select this option, which is use token. Now I'm going to invoke this send button. So now you can see I'm getting a 403 error because inside the resource server we have configured a roll of accounts. Like anyone who wants to access my accounts related REST APIs, they should have accounts related role configured inside the keycloak. As of now, my end user does not have any roles. So to fix this issue, let's try to assign some roles to the end user. So let me close this session related to the end user madan and inside the browser so that I can try to log in again as an admin. So here I'm trying to access the keycloak administration console and I'm going to enter the username as admin and password as admin was that I'm going to click on the sign in button. Now I'll go to the users. Here there is a user with the name Madan, so let me click on that and post that I need to go to the role mapping because this person is an end user but not an application. When are we want to assign roles for an application, we need to go to the service roles. We did the same when we tried to assign roles for the client credentials application. But here we will not have any option like service roles. We should directly go to the role mapping and click on this assign role and I'm going to select the roles, accounts, cards and loans available and post that I'm going to click on this assign button. Now my end user Madan has these roles configured. Let me try to get a new access token and try again. But before that I need to make sure I'm closing these browser session because this session belongs to admin. Now I'm trying to click on this Get new access token inside the browser I need to enter the end user details like madan one, two, three, four, five and post that I'm going to click on the sign in button. Now you can see I got an access token. I'm going to use the same access token. Now I'm going to click on the send button. This time you can see we are getting a successful response. As a next step, I'll go to the Cards API request as well. So here, please make sure there is a prefix which is auth code. Make sure you are using the same request. Here also, under the auth, we need to make sure we have selected all the details that we have discussed previously, like auth url, access token URL, client ID, client secret, scope, state. At last I'll go to the postman and here I'm going to click on this button post that you can see I got the token. I'm trying to use the same token and submit the request with the send button and I got a successful response. Let me do the same for loans also. And here also I will make sure to get an new access token by clicking on this option. Now you can see I got an access token. I'm going to use the same and submit this request and you should be able to see I'm getting a successful response. I'll go to the next API, which is accounts get permit all. So here I'm going to invoke the fetchCustomerDetails API along with the mobile number. And since this is a get API, it does not need any authentication details. So let me submit this request, you can see I'm getting a response and this confirms all the accounts, loans and cards are created behind the scenes. So regardless of whether we are using client credentials, grant type flow or authorization code grant type flow, we don't need to make any changes inside the gateway server. In both the flows my gateway server is going to act as an resource server. So these are the mostly used grant type flow inside the industry. Whenever we are trying to implement security inside the microservices network. That's why I have discussed only about these two grant type flows. As a next step, I'm going to generate the Docker images of this section behind the scenes and update that Docker compose file as well. By the time I come into the next lecture, if you are also following with me, please make sure you are stopping all your applications and please make sure you are visiting the pom.xml of all the microservices and update the tag name from S11 to S12 Because right now we are into the new section, which is section12. . So this way I'm going to update all the pom.xml and I'm going to generate the Docker images for all our microservices. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.