Now is the time to test our security related changes with the help of Docker containers and Docker compose. This discussion is going to be interesting. You're going to learn how to secure your internal microservices so that no one can access them directly. Always the client applications has to go through the edge server only. So to get started around testing with the help of Docker containers behind the scenes, I have generated all the images of the microservices with a tag name as SQL. You can confirm the same inside my Docker desktop. So these are all the Docker images with the tag name as SQL. I also pushed them into my Docker hub as well. You can see here if I can open any of my microservice now, you should be able to see a new tag with the name SQL as a next step. I also updated the docker compose file behind the scenes, but I'm going to quickly cover you. What are the changes that I have done inside the docker compose file? For the same I'm going to open any of the docker compose file. For example, I'm going to open the file present inside the prod profile. The very first change that I have done is I have changed that tag name from S11 to S12, because when we copied the code from the previous section, the tag name will have S11. That's why I have updated the tag names from S11 to S12. After making these tag related changes, I went to the top of this docker compose YAML file and I have created a new service with the name Keycloak. So the service name is going to be Keycloak, and this is the image name. And I have given a container name. And you can see I also gave a port mapping where my keycloak is going to start at the port 8080 inside the Docker network, whereas it is going to expose the traffic to the outside world at the port 7080. Under the environment variables, I have provided two environment variables related to Keycloak admin username and Keycloak admin password, and under the command. I'm trying to pass a value which is start hyphen dev. So since I'm trying to use the key clock inside my local system, I'm trying to use this command which is start hyphen dev so that my clock will leverage the internal database. And after this command you can see with the help of these extents, I'm trying to extend the service name which is network deploy service. So this will make sure that my key clock service also is going to start inside the same easy bank network where all the remaining services are going to start. And after introducing this service, I didn't make any changes related to the observability and monitoring. So all these read write prompt Minio, Prometheus, tempo, Grafana, gateway. So inside all these services I have not made any changes. Similarly under the config server. Also I didn't make any changes even under the Eureka server. Also I didn't make any changes. Now coming to the accounts microservice. You can see I have deleted the port mapping. Previously I used to expose my accounts microservice to the outside world at the port 8080. But since now I have deleted the port mapping inside my docker compose file, my account service is not going to be exposed to the outside world, only the services which are deployed in the same Docker network. They should be able to communicate with the service name at the port 8080. So the same kind of changes I have done for loans and loans. Also, I have deleted the port mapping related changes and the same for cards microservice. Now coming to the gateway server, you can see here I have created a new environment variable which is spring security or two resource server jwt j w k hyphen set hyphen url. Here we need to provide the keycloak endpoint URL details from where my gateway server can fetch the public certificate. Here you can see instead of localhost. I'm trying to mention what is the service name that we are trying to use inside the Docker network? The service name is Keycloak and the port name here I'm using 8080 but not the 7080. Inside the applications dot YAML file we have mentioned localhost 7080, because 7080 is the port which is exposed to the outside world. Whereas since my gateway server is going to interact with the clock inside the Docker network directly with the help of the service name, we need to mention what is a port number where the key clock server started inside the Docker network. That's why we need to make sure we are mentioning this port number as 8080, but not the 7080. So these are the changes that I have done inside that docker compose file. So the same changes I have copied inside other profiles also like default and SCPs as well. Now as a next step, I can start all my containers with the help of docker compose up command for the same inside my terminal, I'm going to run the command which is docker compose up hyphen d. But before you try to run this command, please make sure you stopped all your local running instances inside your IDE along with the container running inside your Docker desktop. I'm trying to confirm here there are no services running inside my local system under Docker containers. As of now, you can see the clock which we have started before as an individual container. It is in the running status so I need to make sure I am stopping this. Otherwise, the clock service that I'm trying to start with the help of Docker compose will not start. So now let me try to run this command. And this command is going to start all my containers including clock. So this is going to take 2 to 3 minutes. I hope you are clear what changes we have done inside the docker compose file. Let's continue the testing of the changes with the help of Docker containers in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.