In the previous lecture we ran the Docker compose up command. Like you can see here right now, the command started all my containers successfully. We can also confirm the same by checking inside the Docker desktop. So this is my Docker desktop. Inside the containers, you can see now all the containers that I have configured inside the Docker compose file are running without any issues. Especially the keycloak container. You can see it is running at the port 7080. Coming to the cards, accounts and loans. You will be able to see there is no port mapping here for these containers because we are not exposing any traffic to the outside world. So anyone who wants to communicate with these microservice, they has to be present inside the Docker network. We can also validate these by trying to invoke the direct urls of accounts, loans and cards microservice. So inside my postman I will go to the accounts folder under here we can open any of the get like build-info and I'll try to invoke this API. You can see I'm trying to give my direct API path that is available inside the accounts microservice. So if I try to invoke you can see I'm getting connection refused error. That means there is no application running inside my local system at the port 8080. So let me confirm the same by running one of the API inside the cards microservice also. The cards microservice usually starts at the port 9000, so I can try to invoke this. This also giving me connection refused error. Now let me go to loans and here also I'm going to invoke one of the get API maybe this time I'll try to invoke build-info API. You can see the port number is 8090, which usually used by my LoansApplication. So let me try to invoke this API and this one also giving me connection refused error. So with this it confirms that all our individual microservices like loans, cards and accounts, they are started within the Docker network, but they didn't expose themselves to the outside world. So now as a next step in order to test the changes related to the security, first I'll go to the folder which is Gateway Security, and here I will try to invoke few of the Get APIs. So this one I'm trying to invoke, you can see I am going to get a successful response after few seconds you can see I'm getting a successful response. I can try to invoke Cards API also For cards also, I'm going to get a successful response. So this is the response. Let me go to the Loans API and this one also is going to give me a successful response. So this confirms the permit All configurations that we have done inside the resource server are working fine. As a next step, let me try to invoke one of the secured API, which is create API available inside the accounts microservice. Here I'm not providing any authentication details without any authenticated related information, I'm trying to click on this send button and you can see I got an 401 error. So this confirms the security is working. Now as a next step, let me try to invoke the accounts create API with the help of client credentials, grant type flow. If I try to click on this get new access token, you can see we'll get an authentication failed error. Because when we try to create the keycloak service with the help of Docker compose, it is going to create a brand new container of the keycloak. That means my keycloak is not going to have any client details or end user details that we have created previously. So that's why we are getting these authentication errors. So so to resolve this issue, we need to register the clients again inside the keycloak server. Why we have to do this is because the new container is created and since we are using the internal database inside the dev environment, all my previously created client details will be lost whenever the container is deleted or whenever the new container is created. But in production environments, the keycloak is going to have a supporting database where it can store all the client details and end user details. I came to the browser and opened the URL, which is localhost 7080. Here, let me click on this administration console and enter the credentials of admin, so admin, admin I'm entering. So let me click on the sign in post that you can go to the clients. As of now you can see there are no clients that we have created previously because this is a brand new container. So let me click on this create client and I'm going to give the same client ID, inside the Postman we have the client ID configured as easybank-callcenter-cc the same I'm going to mention here. I will skip the name and description for now. Let me click on this next and post that I will enable this client authentication and disable the standard flow, direct access grants and enable the service account roles because we are trying to test the client credentials grant type flow. So let me click on this next post that I'm not going to enter any root URL and home URL. Let me click on the save button. I'll go to the credentials and I'll copy the credentials and I'll mention the same under the client secret. Now I will get an access token successfully, but if I use this access token, I will get 403 error. The reason is we have not configured the roles but the client that we have created. So let's try to create the roles and assign the same to the client that we have created. So here I'll go to the realm roles and I'm going to create the role accounts and save the same here and post that, I'll go to the roles again and click on this create role and this time I'm going to create the role with the name LOANS. Now I'll go back to the roles and click on this create role. And this time I'm going to create the role with the name CARDS. So let me save this, with this, I have all the required roles. Let me go to the clients and open the easybank-callcenter-cc. I'll go to the service account roles and here I will try to click on this assign role. Inside this page I'm going to select accounts, cards, loans and assign the same. Now inside the postman, I will try to get a new access token and I will try to use the same and post that I'll click on this send button. This time we should get a successful response. Like you can see we are getting a successful response. So let me take the client secret from this request and use the same inside the cards request as well. So inside this cards request, I'm going to mention these client secret and post that I'm going to save the same and click on this get new access token button. With that, I'll get a new access token. Let me use the same and post that I can click on the send button. Now I should get a successful response and you can see my card details are created successfully. Now let me go to the loans request. And here also I'm going to paste the new client secret that we have and post that I'm going to save it and try to get a new access token. Once the access token is populated inside my authorization tab, I'm going to click on this send button. Now, you should be able to see a successful response. So I'm getting a successful response. As a next step, I can go to the Accounts_GET_PermitAll requests, and here using this API, we are going to fetch all the accounts, loans and cards details. So let me invoke this. We should get a successful response since we have used a different mobile number there. Let me try to give a mobile number which is 688 and try to invoke this send button again. This time you can see I'm getting a successful response. So we have tested the client credentials grant type flow very quickly, let's try to test the authorization code grant type flow as well. For the same inside my Keycloak server, I'm going to create a new client with the same ID like we have created previously. If you can go to the any of the request of authorization code, you should be able to see a client ID. So let me copy this and mention the same here and post that I'm going to click on this next button. Enable the client authentication and uncheck these direct access grants and I'll make sure the standard flow is enabled. After this, I'm going to click on this next button inside this page under the redirect URLs, I'm going to give Asterisk. Let me give the same under the web origins as well. After entering these values, I'm going to click on the Save button and I'll go to the credentials post that I will try to copy these credentials and paste the same here under the client secret. Now, as a next step, we need to create the end user details as well inside the Keycloak server. So I'll go to the users. I'll create a new user with the same username like madan and email is going to be tutor@eazybank.com . And I'll enable this email verifier. I will skip the first name, last name. I'll directly click on this create button and post that, I'll go to the credentials and try to set a password with the value one, two three, four five. So let me confirm the same and disable this temporary switch and click on the save button. This will save a password for my username which is Madan. So now we have created an end user. As a next step we can go to the role mapping and try to assign the roles, accounts, cards and loans. So let me click on this assign button. I have made all the required changes. I can close this browser instance of Keycloak as a next step, I will try to get an access token. So let me click on this. This will open the browser where it will ask me my end user credentials. So let me enter my credentials which are Madan and the password is one, two, three, four, five. Now I'm trying to click on the sign in button. This will redirect back me to the postman. I'm going to click on this proceed and use this token, and now I'm going to submit this request. And you can see I'm getting a successful response now as a next step, I can also test the cards related APIs with the help of authorization code grant flow. So here we need to make sure we are mentioning the latest client secret value. Let me try to get the same from the accounts microservice. So I can try to copy the secret from this request and mention the same under the cards. And with this now I should be able to get an new access token. So let me use the same access token and invoke this API and I should get a successful response. So you can see I'm getting a successful response. So let me go to the loans as well. And here also I'm going to paste the new secret that we have created post that I can try to get an access token and use the same here. Now I'm going to click on this send button. Here also, you can see I got a successful response. With this, It is pretty clear that our security related changes are working fine without any issues inside the Docker containers as well. In fact, now our microservices are more secured because we didn't expose loans, cards and accounts microservices to the outside world. Only the Gateway server is authorized to connect with the accounts, loans and cards. I hope your super, super clear about all the changes that we have done inside this section. Before I try to close this section, let me confirm you that I have checked in all the changes that we have discussed inside the GitHub repo into this GitHub repo with the folder name section12. Inside this section12 folder, you should be able to see all the changes that we have discussed throughout this section. I hope you are super, super happy with the progress that we are making inside this course. Now we are pretty clear on how to handle security inside our microservices. This is a very big milestone. You are now one of the proud developer who knows on how to secure your microservices. So take a break, come back and we can continue in the next section. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next section. Bye.