Welcome to the Master Microservices course with the help of Spring Boot, Docker and Kubernetes. This course helps Java developers to build production grade microservices by using Spring Boot, Docker, Kubernetes and other supporting components. Here you may have a question like Why should I learn microservices? The reason why you should learn and master microservices is these days many organizations, they are migrating their monolithic applications into microservices. The reason is microservices architecture makes applications easier to scale, faster to develop, enable innovation, and it is also going to help organizations by accelerating the time to take their new enhancements to the market. So with all these reasons, microservice is going to be a demanding skill set for next few years. So to help you mastering microservices, this course has been built. Let me try to quickly cover what is the agenda of this course, what exactly I'm going to cover throughout this course. First, we are going to start the course by entering into the world of microservices. I'm going to give a formal introduction about what is microservices, how they are different from monolithic and server architectures. Once we are clear about the microservices architecture, why we should build microservices, I'm going to explain you how to build a microservices with the help of Spring Boot by following the production standards. These standards includes best practices while building rest APIs, how to document your Rest APIs, how to perform validations on top of your rest APIs, all these standards and best practices we are going to discuss while building microservices throughout this course. And apart from building microservices, I'm also going to teach you how to rightsize your microservices, how to identify boundaries and how to containerize your microservices with the help of Docker. Because without knowing on how to containerize your spring boot application, you cannot really build microservices. That's why learning about Docker is very basic need for a microservice developer. So once we learn about how to containerize our microservices, I'm going to explain you how to maintain configurations inside your microservices with the help of spring cloud config server, followed by how to build your own service discovery and service registration inside microservices using Eureka Server and how to build an edge server or an entry point into your microservice network with the help of Spring Cloud Gateway. And apart from building your microservices, you should also take care of making your microservices resilient and fault tolerant by using standards like resiliency4j  patterns. So these patterns are also discussed throughout this course in detail. Once building microservices is completed, you should also take care of how to implement observability and monitoring inside your microservices by using supporting components like Grafana, Prometheus. So all these components we are going to explore and we are going to implement observability and monitoring inside our microservices. And we can't climb our microservices as production ready without securing our microservices. That's why we are also going to put good amount of efforts in understanding how to secure our microservices. Using Oauth2, OpenID, Spring Security Frameworks. And sometimes you may also want to build some microservices which can process the requests asynchronously. So to handle such scenarios, I'm going to explain you how to build event driven microservices with the help of Rabbitmq, Spring cloud functions and spring cloud stream. Very similarly, we are also going to explore how to build event driven microservices with the help of Kafka as well. And at last we are also going to learn on how to deploy all our containers into a Kubernetes cluster. So Kubernetes cluster is an container orchestration product. At the end of the day, all our microservice has to be deployed into a Kubernetes cluster. That's why we are also going to focus on learning about Kubernetes, how to deploy your microservices into your Kubernetes cluster. And once we are clear about Kubernetes, we are also going to learn about Helm, which is a Kubernetes package manager. Once we are clear about Helm, we are also going to deploy our microservices into one of the cloud environment. So by logging into your cloud environment, we are going to create a Kubernetes cluster and deploy all our microservices into cloud environment. Apart from all these components, we are going to learn many best practices, techniques that are followed by the real time microservice developers. So with all these agenda, this course is going to help you to master microservices and clear any interviews. Apart from these course agenda I also want to highlight that entire course is built using easily understandable format. Any complex topic you will be able to easily understand with a beautiful visuals that we are going to discuss throughout this course. All these visuals is going to help you to easily digest any kind of complex topic. And I'm also going to share you all this content in an PDF format for your reference. So that in future, whenever you have some questions, you can always refer these PDF for any questions and quickly refresh your microservices skills. This pdf I'm going to share is also going to help you to save some time from taking notes. So with this, it should be pretty clear for you that I have put good amount of efforts to build this information in an easily understandable format. I also want to clarify you that throughout this course, apart from theory discussions, apart from discussing about various concepts and best practices, we are also going to build good amount of microservices and there are enough hands on discussions that we are going to make throughout this course and in the same process we are going to explore many, many best practices, standards, products, tools that are going to make our life easy while building production ready. Microservices, I hope this is clear to you, so please go ahead and enroll into this course without any questions and we are together is going to enjoy this microservice journey. Thank you. And I'm hoping you to see in the next lecture bye.