Let me start the journey of microservices by introducing what are these microservices inside this lecture? In a simple language, we can call these microservices as one of the architecture style that we can consider to build our web applications. So to understand more about microservices, let's try to take an bank application with the name EasyBank and this bank application, just like any other bank application, it provides various products to its customers with the name, accounts, cards and loans. So for these EasyBank, in order to build a web application, there are multiple architecture patterns available inside the industry. The very first are traditional approach that we have to build. Web application is Monolith. Whenever we are following the pattern of monolith, all the business functionality of a bank application, they will be deployed as a single unit. If you see here inside a single server, it has a presentation layer related logic like HTML code, JavaScript, CSS and post that there is going to be a backend business logic along with that data access layer. And one more important feature of monolithic is it is going to have a single supporting database where we store all the data related to accounts, cards and loans. This is the architecture style that companies are developers they use to follow back decade. And off course this approach has its own advantages and disadvantages. So first let's try to understand what are the advantages of this monolithic architecture. The very first advantage is this architecture style supports simpler development and deployment for smaller teams and applications. If you have a small team or if your application is a very small application, definitely this pattern is going to make sense because it is going to ease your development and deployment with a single deployment all your web application is going to be deployed and it is going to be available for the end users. And on the similar lines, since we are deploying everything inside a single server, there are going to be a fewer cross-cutting concerns. When I say cross-cutting concerns, all your non-functional requirements like security, auditing, logging. This is going to be simple inside monolithic because all your code deployed inside a single server as an web application. And the next advantage that we have with monolithic is, it is going to provide better performance due to no network latency. Why better performance? Because all the code is deployed inside a single server. If accounts business logic want to communicate with cards or loans, it is just going to be a method call inside the same server. There is no network call with the help of web services. So with this reason, monolithic applications, they are going to have a better performance. Now these are the advantages. Let's go to that disadvantages of monolithic with the monolithic the primary disadvantage is it is difficult to adopt new technology. Like whenever I want to enhance my web application with the new frameworks or with the new languages or new technology, either I has to update my entire codebase or I need to continue with the old technology. Sometimes the accounts team members, they may want to move to a latest framework or latest language or latest version of the framework, but there will be a pushback coming from the Cards and Loans team members. So with all these reasons, it is going to be difficult to adopt new technologies and with that reason, very limited agility inside a monolithic applications. It is not going to work like you decided to move to a framework or a new language today. And you can't do that immediately in a week or a month time. It is going to take a lot of time to upgrade your monolithic application because entire your code is tightly coupled. We never know what issues it is going to create when we try to migrate. With that reason a rigorous testing and regression has to be done on top of your web application. And since we are going to maintain everything inside a single server, all the code related to your web application is going to maintain as a single code base, which is going to be difficult to maintain over the time as your application is growing with the new enhancements day by day. And the next disadvantage that we have here is your application is not going to be a fault tolerance, which means you are going to be having a frequent issues with the scalability, availability of your monolithic application. And the last disadvantage like you can see since you deployed everything inside a single server if loans development team, they want to introduce a small feature or if they want to make a small enhancement inside their codebase, it will require a full deployment due to that reason your entire web application is going to be having a downtime and this is going to be a super drawback whenever you're dealing with the end users. Who uses your web application 24/7 ? This monolithic architecture is developed in various forms inside the industry, like single process monolithic, modular monolithic, distributed monolithic, regardless of what is a form of monolithic pattern is being followed. It will have all these drawbacks that we discussed, and it is going to be having only a single supporting database. I hope you are clear. Like what is monolithic architecture pattern? Let me try to explain monolithic by taking a different perspective inside our EasyBank web application typically, there will be development team handling the accounts, loans, cards and UI, UX inside monolithic applications. All these developers, they are going to work on a single code base. And using these single code base, we are going to deploy the entire our web application into a web server or application server with the help of CI/CD tools like Jenkins. Typically, we will package all our code base into a war format or an ear format and deploy into a single web application. And this single web application is going to be supported by a single database. So here the major drawback is there is no flexibility to the organization and developers to introduce new features, to introduce new enhancements With that reason, since the companies are growing a lot and since that demand from the end users is increasing on day to day basis, slowly the industry migrated to a new architecture pattern, which is SOA. SOA means Service Oriented Architecture. Let's try to understand what is this Service Oriented Architecture ? The main enhancement that happened inside this SOA architecture compared to monolithic Is organizations. They can segregate their UI logic and backend logic. Like you can see here, I'm going to deploy the presentation layer or UI logic into a server one and inside the server 2, I'm going to deploy all my logic related to accounts, cards and loans with the help of web services. With this pattern, at least I'm able to separate the tight coupling between UI and the backend logic. But like you can see here, for these UI to communicate with the backend services, we should use a middleware component which is enterprise service bus. So whenever a request comes to these ESB, this ESB is going to redirect that request to the corresponding service, like whether the UI application is trying to fetch the accounts information, cards information or loans information. Accordingly, it is going to redirect the request to one of the web service inside the server 2. So we are able to separate the UI logic and backend logic into two different servers. But this architecture also has its own advantages and disadvantages. First, let's try to understand what are the advantages. The advantages are like reusability of services, better maintainability, higher reliability and parallel development. The reason why we have these advantages is you have separated all your logic into separate components. Like all your accounts related logic is going to be stay inside the account service. Similarly for loans and card service and coming to the UI code, it is going to be separated into a separate code base and it is going to be deployed into a separate server as well. With all these reason we can achieve parallel development, better maintainability and reusability of services and higher reliability. Now coming to the disadvantages of this architecture is, the communication is going to happen with the complex protocols like SOAP. Using SOAP and the XML format, the communication between the UI and backend server is going to happen compared to other protocols like rest, SOAP is very complex in nature and heavy in nature. That is one of the disadvantage that we have. And like you can see here, we have a middleware component which is ESB, and to set up that ESB, we need to put a lot of investment because these are not open source. These products are like commercial products, like Oracle has an ESB product which is costly in nature and it is an extra overload in between your UI and backend services. Why should we maintain a separate component just for communicating between UI and backend services? So in the initial days projects they use this architecture and to some extent they got the benefits like parallel development, reusability of services and better maintainability. But slowly industry felt that this architecture pattern also very complex to maintain and it involves higher investment cost. So with all these reasons, everyone started looking for a better architecture style which will overcome the challenges of SOA and Monolithic. That's where we landed onto a new architecture style, which is microservices. So before I try to go to microservices, let's try to understand how SOA is going to look like by taking the perspective of GitHub and Jenkins that we discussed. So initially, like you can see we are going to have UI, UX dev team accounts, team loans, team and cards development team. Inside SOA like you can see UI team, they are going to have separate code repo and all the backend team they are going to have separate backend repo and using these two separate code repos, we are going to have a separate deployments into separate web servers. But like you can see the catch is the communication between the UI server and the backend server is going to happen only with the help of a middleware component, which is enterprise service bus. So to some extent it has the advantages of parallel development and independent deployments between UI team and backend team. But like we discussed, it has its own disadvantages. So now let's try to jump into the microservices architecture. So let me try to explain you what is microservices? So whenever we are developing our web application, for example, the same easy bank web application, we are going to develop many services that are modeled around a business domain. I can have separate small microservice focusing entirely on accounts, logic and similarly for cards and loans. This way based upon separate, separate business domain logic, I can segregate them into separate services and all these microservices, they are going to have their own database. They are going to be deployed into their own servers or own containers. With that like you can see, we are going to have all our UI logic inside a server 1 coming to the backend services, we can create any number of micro services that can be deployed into separate servers and containers and all these services they are going to have their own supporting database. So let's try to understand what are the advantages and disadvantages of this microservice pattern. Coming to the advantages. Like it is easy to develop, test and deploy because you loosely coupled all your business logic, all your accounts related logic is going to be stayed inside a small component. If you want to enhance accounts microservice with a new language or new framework, you can happily do that because it's entirely separate component which will have its own development life cycle deployment lifecycle. And with that reason it is going to increase the agility inside your organization. Since there is no tight coupling between your microservices or services, all the development teams, they can have their own enhancement lifecycle, they can have their own discussions, they can have their own deployment lifecycle. With that, we are going to achieve the parallel development. And the beauty of microservices is it is modeled around your business domain. Like for example, inside the bank we have accounts, loans and cards. So I can have three microservices focusing these three different business domains. And since we are going to deploy all these services into Docker containers, which I'm going to explain you in the coming lectures, it is also going to provide you a flexibility where you can scale horizontally and independently. For example, if your accounts microservice is going to receive higher traffic compared to loans and cards, you can scale only accounts microservice independently. So these are all the main advantages of microservices. And please don't assume that microservices is a silver bullet for all your problems inside the web application. You should not always jump into microservices because it is unnecessary for smaller applications or smaller companies. So that's why let's try to understand what are the disadvantages that we have with microservices. The very first disadvantage is it has complexity because when you have so many independent containers deployed separately in different, different servers and clusters, definitely connecting them and making sure they are able to communicate properly always is going to be a complex task and it is also going to be infrastructure overhead inside monolithic and SOA, you only have 1 or 2 servers to monitor, but inside microservices you are going to deploy your microservices into number of servers and containers. With that, you need to monitor all of them. That's why there is going to be infrastructure overhead and there are also going to be security concerns because previously any communication between your code used to happen with the help of method calls and a web service call from UI to backend. But now with microservice, even your backend services, they need to communicate with web services like rest based services. And this increases security concerns inside your web application. But don't get demotivated with all these disadvantages because at the end of the day, organizations they want agility and they want the freedom to enhance their web applications and microservices whenever they want, and they want to go to the market as soon as possible. Since Microservice is going to provide all these advantages, they are ready to face these challenges. And off course we have various approaches to overcome these challenges inside microservices architecture. We are going to discuss all of them inside this course. If there is one crucial takeaway that you want to take from this course and the concept of microservices is, microservices they're going to prioritize the independent deployability of your services. And whenever you're deploying your own microservice, you are not going to have any dependency on other microservices. With this primary advantage, all other numerous benefits will naturally emerge inside your microservices web application. We are going to discuss what are those. Now let's try to see how the microservices is going to look like with the GitHub and Jenkins scenario. You can see there are four different development teams. Inside microservices architecture pattern, all of them they are going to have a separate code base. And from these separate code base, they are going to have a separate deployment lifecycles with the help of Jenkins or any other CI/CD tool and post the deployment all of them, they are deployed into multiple servers or containers and each of the service is going to have their own supporting database. And apart from these independent deployment and parallel development, the other advantage that we have with microservices is, accounts microservice team they can have an SQL database and loans microservice they can have a NoSQL database. So they can choose their own database based upon their requirements. And even we can have accounts microservice built with the help of Python, loans microservice built with the help of Java and cards microservice built with the help of go language at the end of the day it is going to give super super freedom to your company and to the developers. They are free to explore because they are not bounded to a single codebase or to a single server. I hope you are clear with all the architecture patterns that we have, like monolithic, SOA and microservices, what are the advantages and disadvantages of each of these patterns? Let's try to continue the discussion of these microservices inside the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.