Inside this lecture, let's try to compare the three architecture patterns that we discussed in the previous lecture. Like you can see on the left hand side of the slide, we have monolithic architecture. The primary characters of monolithic application is we're going to deploy all our code base inside a single server and it is going to be supported by a single database. With this, we have tightly coupled all our components of a web application and business logic into a single server. Now moving on to the SOA, we separate the UI and backend logic, but we are going to add an middleware extra component which is complex to maintain and require a lot of investment. And SOA also is going to have a single supporting database. And at last we have microservice where we can separate all our backend logic based upon the business domain and each of the microservice we can deploy into separate servers or containers. And one more important character of microservice is each of your microservice is going to have a supporting database and all these database don't have to be a single technology. You can have various types of databases like RDBMS NoSQL database, Redis cache. It's up to you based upon your business requirement, you can have a supporting database for your microservice. Now let's try to see a different perspective of monolithic server and microservices. Like you can see in simple words, monolithic is a single unit and SOA is a coarse grain, whereas microservices is fine grained in server. We are separating our backend services, but it is not going to give a lot of flexibility in terms of multiple database, multiple codebase. With that reason, we cannot really separate our services or code based around the business domains. That's why compared to SOA inside microservice, we can fine grain our microservice based upon the domains because all of them, they are going to have separate code base, separate development and deployment lifecycle. I hope you are clear. Like what is difference between them? Now let me put a one more perspective in terms of monolithic, SOA and microservice. So I'm going to compare these monolithic, SOA and microservice by taking different, different features. The very first feature is parallel development. You can see inside monolithic. There is no parallel development, the developers are going to cry, whereas in SOA it's not a happy scenario or a sad scenario. It is somewhere in the middle because at least you are providing some flexibility between UI and backend teams. Whereas in microservice it is going to be the winner. You are providing complete freedom to that different, different teams in terms of parallel development, deployment and enhancements. The next feature is agility. With monolithic. There is no agility. You can't enhance your web application with the new frameworks and new languages because it requires a lot of effort. And SOA you can do to some extent, whereas in microservice you're going to have a lot of agility because all the teams are working independently. And in this scenario, also microservice is the winner. The next feature is scalability. Coming to scalability inside monolithic it is going to be very, very tough to scale your web application because you're going to deploy all your code inside a single jumbo server. If you want to scale your web application, you need to bring one more jumbo server. You need to take care of load balancing between them, which is like very manual setup and it is going to be very challenging. And to SOA also the scalability is going to be challenged because all your backend logic is staying inside a single jumbo server. And there is also an extra complexity with ESB, so you should also scale your ESB component. Whereas with microservice, the scalability is going to be super, super easy and it is also going to be automated with the help of products like Docker and Kubernetes. We are going to discuss about them. So in scalability, also the winner is microservice coming to the usability. Inside usability also the clear winner is microservices because your developers, they are going to bring lot many new enhancements and they are going to deploy their new enhancements within a matter of days. Think of a scenario where accounts team, they are thinking to deploy a new change which will increase the usability of the end user. In such scenarios, they don't have to discuss with any other team members. They just have to discuss internally, get a client approval and they can do a deployment of their new feature within seconds with the help of Docker deployments and Kubernetes deployment, We're going to discuss all of them in the coming lectures. So inside usability also the winner is microservice. Now coming to the complexity and operational overhead? Off course, here the winner is going to be monolithic because inside monolithic, you just have one server. You just need to take care of that one server. You just need to make sure that one server is running properly without any issues. In SOA they are going to be three components. UI server, backend server and ESB component. Whereas in microservice it is going to be super, super complex because there are some organizations where they are deploying thousands of microservice in hundreds of different, different servers. You can think of operational overhead and complexity that microservice need on day to day basis. But don't worry, we are going to discuss how to overcome these challenges with the help of various products frameworks that we have inside the microservice ecosystem. And the last feature is security concerns and performance. And here also the winner is going to be monolithic. And inside microservice, the security concerns are going to be more and there will be some performance issues because every communication between your backend logic like accounts, loans and cards, microservice, they have to communicate over the network with the help of REST APIs. Previously it used to be method calls inside the same server. Now they are all deployed in different servers. With that there will be some network latency and since you are making so many API calls, off course we need to take care of security concerns as well. So like I said, microservice is not a silver bullet for all your problems, for all your web applications, You need to be aware under which scenarios we can go for monolithic, SOA and microservice. I think these days no one is following. SOA. It's a discussion about whether monolithic or microservice. If your web application is small and your organization is very small and you don't need frequent deployments, then you can always go with monolithic. Whereas if your application is large and your organization requires frequent deployments, frequent enhancements, then you can always go with the microservices architecture. I hope you are clear, like the reason why I have discussed so much about monolithic SOA and microservices is, if you go to any interview, there will be definitely questions around microservice and they will ask you under which scenario I should go for microservice and monolithic. So please, please always have this information and I'm sure with this knowledge that you have gained in these two lectures, you can explain about what are microservice, monolithic and server to anyone. So please spread this knowledge. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.