In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the abstract data type. This is very similar to the situation when people want to withdraw money from an ATM. Of course we have to wait for all the others to withdraw money before we can execute this operation. This is exactly what can be handled with abstract data types. So first of all, it is an abstract data type, which means that it defines the behavior. Without the underlying implementation, it can be implemented with one dimensional arrays, it can be implemented with linked lists and so on. So there are multiple implementations of the abstract data type because the queue is just the behavior, it is the so-called super type, okay? It has a so-called FIFO structure, which means that the first item we insert is the first item we take out or essentially the first person who arrives to the ATM will be the first person who can withdraw money. And of course we have to wait for all the others in the queue before we can do the given operation. This is the FIFO structure first in, first out. The first item we insert is the first item we take out. The basic operations are inserting items into the queue and removing items from the queue. This is the enqueue and the queue operations and again we have the peek operation that's going to return with the first item we have inserted without removing it. So the peek is very similar to the queue. The crucial difference is that the dequeue operation removes that given item. The peek operation just returns the value without removing the item itself. And of course queue has several applications in operating systems, thread scheduling and so on. So first of all, let's take a look at a concrete example. Let's assume that we have an empty queue abstract data type, whether it is implemented with one dimensional arrays or linked lists, it doesn't matter. We would like to understand the big picture. Okay, so the first item will be inserted with value ten. Then we insert the next item with value six then the next item with value 18. Then the next item with value one and finally the last item with value 56 And what's extremely crucial that we have access to the first item we have inserted exclusively. We cannot get value six or value one or value 56 because these items are not the first item of the queue abstract data type. So whenever we take out a given item, it is the first item we have inserted in this case ten. Then of course the next item we take out is value six. We cannot get value 18 value one or value 56 We have access to the first item exclusively, okay? Then we get 18, then we get one, then we get 56. So essentially this is very similar to the first come, first served feature that the first item that is inserted into the queue, abstract data type will be the first item that will be handled. Okay. So queues are useful when a resource is shared with several consumers, for example when dealing with thread scheduling. Okay, so threads are stored in queues. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with multi threading, but when we have multiple threads then these threads are stored in queue, abstract data type and this is how the underlying operating system can assign tasks to every single thread essentially that are stored in a queue. Abstract data type queues are extremely important in central processing unit scheduling. We are going to talk about it later. This is exactly what's happening with smartphones. Then queues are extremely crucial when data is not received at the same rate as sent between two processes. Okay, so whenever the data is transferred between two processes, queues can prove to be extremely important. And finally, queues can be used with graph algorithms such as, for example, the breadth first search graph traversal algorithm uses queue as an underlying abstract data type. So let's take a look at a very important application of queues. Let's assume that we have a smartphone application. There may be several operations. The smartphone and the central processing unit has to handle. This is why the operating system needs a queue abstract data type in order to store all these operations and tasks to do. For example, the user may touch the screen. The user may touch the screen on multiple locations. The user may open several applications. There may be several data transfer in the background. It may happen that data is being downloaded to the smartphone and so on. So there are multiple operations at the same time. And of course these tasks will be handled by the central processing unit. But of course the central processing unit can process a single task, a single process at a given time. So what's going to happen? Essentially, the operating system is going to store all the tasks in a queue. Abstract data type, such as, for example, a notification such as handling operation from API calls such as handling user interface clicks and so on. And of course the central processing unit is going to handle these operations one by one. So this is a typical case of a first served, first handled manner in the sense that these operations are going to be handled in a FIFO structure. The first task that is inserted into the queue will be the first one that is executed by the central processing unit. And by the way, if you are familiar with Android operating system development, then you can see how the operating system fetches all the tasks one by one. Okay, so that's all about the abstract data type. Thanks for watching.