In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to implement a queue in Java. And by the way, we will come to the conclusion that there are several implementations of the queue interface. In this lecture we focus on the link list implementation. But there are other implementations as well, such as priority queue or array ducks that we are going to talk about in the coming lectures. What's crucial that in this lecture let's focus on queue. And just for demonstration purposes I would like to store strings. So this is the queue and we can instantiate it as a linked list. So if we do something like this then as you can see it is working fine. So this is what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that despite the fact that linked list is a list, so linked list implements the list interface. But what's crucial that link list implements the interface as well. And the interface extends the queue interface. So queue is the parent interface of duck, which means that we can instantiate a new queue as a linked list. And of course it is absolutely fine because if you are interested in data structures and algorithms, then you can make sure that the queue abstract data type can be implemented either with one dimensional arrays or with linked lists. And if we use linked lists, then all the operations have order one constant running time complexity, which means that linked list is an extremely efficient implementation of the queue interface. And again we can check the documentation. So as you can see the queue interface has several super interfaces such as the collection and iterable. But there are other interfaces such as duck as you can see. And the duck interface extends linked list. So this is why we can instantiate the queue as a linked list. What's crucial that we can use two types of operations? If we want to make sure that the operations throw an exception, then we can use Odd in order to insert a given item into the underlying queue. We can use the remove in order to remove a given item, and we can use the element method in order to get the first item we have inserted without removing it, and we can use other methods if we do not want to throw an exception, but we want to return with a special value. For example, we can insert an item into an underlying queue with the help of the offer method that's going to return with a boolean value, as you can see. So it inserts the specified element into the queue if it is possible to do so immediately without violating capacity restrictions. Pull method retrieves and removes the head of the queue or returns null if this queue is empty. And finally, the peek method is going to retrieve, but do not remove the head of the queue and returns null if this queue is empty. What's crucial is that if we use a linked list implementation, Annotation. Then this is an unbounded queue. What does it mean that we can insert as many items as we want? We cannot specify a given capacity. So essentially the maximum number of items we can store because a linked list can grow dynamically. So in theory, there's an extremely large number of items that we can store with linked list implementation. This is why it is an unbounded queue. Let's talk about how to insert the given item. What's crucial that we have two options. We have the old method. And for example we can insert an and as you can see it works fine. Or we can use the offer method that has exactly the same effect. So you may pose the question that what is the difference between the two approaches. We can come to the conclusion that the crucial difference is that the old method throws an exception. So if the underlying data structure is full, fool. Then there is an illegal state exception whenever we want to insert another item. This is not the case with the offer method. If the underlying data structure is full and we want to insert one more item, then there is no exception, but it returns with false. So this is the preferred way to insert a new item that returns false. If this operation cannot be executed. By the way, because we are dealing with an unbounded queue. This is why there is no maximum capacity. So essentially the OD method and offer method behaves exactly the same, but offer method is the preferred way. So if we insert, for example, some other names Kevin and for example Joe, then it works fine. Just for demonstration purposes, we can iterate through this data structure like this. So we have the queue and then we print out the names one by one. It is possible to do so because the queue interface is a collection that has the iterable interface. So let's take a look at the implementation. We have the queue and as you can see it is a collection. And every collection is an iterable as well. And because of the iterable behavior we can iterate through the items one by one. If I save and run the application, then we get the items one by one. We have Anna, Kevin, and Joe. So as you can see, a queue has a Fifo structure. The first item we insert is the first value we take out. So far so good. But this is not the standard approach. How we iterate through a queue. Because a more popular approach is to use a while loop and while the queue, and we can use the Isempty method that returns true if we have considered all the items of the data structure. So essentially, while the queue is not empty, what we want to do is that we would like to remove the items one by one. So first of all we have the item. And again there are two options. We can use the remove method. Or we have the so-called pull method. What is the difference between the two approaches. The difference is very similar to what we have seen with insertion. The remove method may throw a no such element exception if the data structure is empty. This is why a bit better approach is to call the pull method that returns with the head as well. So the first item we inserted into the data structure, or a null value if it is empty. So the pull method doesn't throw an exception. So this is the preferred way to remove a given item. So this is exactly what we do here. And then just for demonstration purposes I print out that item is and I print out the item accordingly. If we save and rerun the application then as you can see the order is the same. We print out Anna, Kevin and Joe. By the way, we can get the size of the data structure without any problem. We can call the size method. So if we do something like this then of course it is three, because at the beginning there are three items present in the queue abstract data type. And there is one more operation I want to show you. That is when we consider the head element. So the first item in the data structure without removing it. And again there are two options. We can use the element method that may throw an exception or the peek method that doesn't throw an exception. And this is the preferred way to peak at the head. So what does it mean that, for example, we can call system out and print line peak item that is the head. And just for demonstration purposes I use the q dot peak. If we do something like this we save and rerun the application. Then as you can see we get the head of the data structure that is the first item of the data structure without removing it, because the size of the data structure is still three. So we can come to the conclusion that with the help of the peak method, we return the first item without removing it, and with the help of the pull method we remove that item as well. So that's all about the linked list implementation of the queue interface. It is extremely powerful when we need a very simple queue abstract data type that is unbounded.