In this lecture we are going to talk about priority queues. So priority queue is another implementation of the queue interface. And what is it exactly. It is an abstract data type similar to a regular queue. However, each item in a priority queue has an additional property, the so-called priority value. And in a priority queue, items with higher priority are served before those with lower priority. Priority queues are typically implemented using heap data structures, but they can also be implemented using self-balancing binary search trees such as AVL trees or red black trees. I don't want to talk a lot about the underlying data structures. I have an independent course, so if you are interested in these topics, I suggest taking a look at those courses. So while a priority queue is conceptually similar to a regular queue. It differs in that the item with the highest priority is always retrieved first. So if we have a queue and we have items with priority four, eight, two and nine, then what is the item that will be retrieved first? Of course, the item with the highest priority. So the item with priority is the first item to be removed. Then the second item is the item with priority eight, then the item with priority four, and finally the item with priority two. By the way, we can come to the conclusion that the underlying data structure is a tree like structure, the so-called heap that is represented with a one dimensional array. So we can come to the conclusion that the priority queue is the abstract data type, and the heap is the implementation itself that is represented as a one dimensional array. And what's crucial that there is no need to specify the priority explicitly. When we are dealing with primitive types such as integers, floating point values, or even strings, because the values are the priorities. So in this case, the largest integer value is interpreted as the highest priority. So this is why it is in the root of the tree like data structure, which means that we have access to the maximum item. This is called the maximum heap, by the way extremely fast because this is the root of the data structure. And finally, I would like to tell a few words about the running time complexities. What's crucial that when we are dealing with heap data structures. So tree like data structures, as we have seen earlier, most of the operations have ordered log n logarithmic running time complexity. Whenever we want to insert a given item, or whenever we would like to remove the head. So the root node, when we want to remove an arbitrary item, it has linear running time complexity because we have no other option but to consider all the items in the underlying one dimensional array until we find the item we are looking for. So this is why removing an arbitrary item has linear running time complexity, and it is the same for the contains method. When we want to check whether a given value is present in the priority queue or not. And of course, there are some constant running time complexity methods, such as when we want to get the size of the data structure, or when we call the peek method. The peek method returns the item with the highest priority without removing that given item. And why is it so fast? This is what we have been talking about earlier, that the item with the highest priority is the root node itself. And of course we have access to the root node exclusively. So we just have to return with the value of the root node. This is why it has a constant running time complexity. So let's take a look at the concrete implementation. Let's assume that we have this queue interface. And first of all, just for demonstration purposes I would like to store integer values. We can instantiate it as a priority queue. And by the way if we take a look at the documentation, we can come to the conclusion that it is an unbounded priority queue based on a priority heap. So it is a heap data structure under the hood represented by a one dimensional array. By the way, in the constructor we can define the capacity and we can define a so-called comparator. We are going to talk about it later that why is it crucial to define a comparator at all. And there are several methods we can add items either with the odd method or with the offer method. We can call peek that retrieves but doesn't remove the head of the priority queue. We have the remove method that removes a given item we have contains, but this is what we have been talking about earlier that the remove and contains methods have linear running time complexity that is not that favorable. So if we have an application that uses these methods quite frequently, then maybe priority queue is not the best option possible because we can do better, for example, with hash maps or treemaps that we are going to talk about in the coming lectures. So what I want to do is that I would like to insert. So let's call the offer and let's insert some integer values. And if we do something like this we have five. Then we have 12. And then we have one if we create a while loop. And while the queue is not empty, what I want to do is that I would like to remove the items one by one. So just for demonstration purposes, I print out and we can call the remove method. Or it is better to call the pull method. The crucial difference again is that if we use the remove method, it throws an exception whenever the queue is empty. While on the other hand, if we use pull, the pull method returns with a null. So usually this is exactly what we are after, and if I save and run the application, then we can come to the conclusion that essentially we have managed to construct a sorting algorithm because we keep removing the items with the highest priority. What's crucial that as you can see it is the ascending order. So one five, ten and 12. By the way, this is called heapsort that we create a heap data structure and we sort the items with the help of this data structure. What's crucial is that in Java, the underlying data structure for a priority queue is a so-called minimum heap, which means that the item with the lowest priority is in the head or the root node of the data structure. What if we would like to make sure that instead of a minimum heap, we use a maximum heap? So we start with the highest value possible. If we use integers, then here we can create a new comparator. And we have to implement the compare method. And this is where we define the logic. How to compare the two integers in order to calculate the priority. And what I can use is that I can use integer dot compare O1 and O2. And if we use something like this and rerun the application, then we end up with the same order. But if I return with minus integer dot compare. This is how we can end up with the descending order. But anyways, we are going to talk about it in one of the coming lectures. What's crucial that we can end up with a sorting algorithm? By the way, the sorting algorithm has quite a favorable running time complexity, although n log n, which is quite fast. And what I want to show you is that if we create a class, for example person, then I would like to show you that how to store these person objects in the priority queue. So let's assume that we have a private string name. And let's assume that we have a private integer age. Let's use a constructor. We have person with name and integer age. So let's set the name to be the name. And let's set the age to be the age. And what I want to do is that I override the two string method. So every single person object is represented by the name plus some spacing. And then the age concatenated. And then I would like to make sure that this queue stores the person objects. So what I can do is that I can offer a new person object, for example with n and the age parameter is 32. Then I can insert a few more person objects. We have Adam for example age 12. We have caffeine with age 67 and we have 43 for Joe. What's crucial that if we store a custom object in a priority queue, then somehow we have to notify Java how to compare these person objects? Because of course, as you may guess, it may happen that we would like to define the priority based on the name or based on the integer. Or for example, for some specific reason, we would like to define the priority as the number of characters in the name. So somehow we have to define the logic, how to define the priority, and how to compare multiple person objects. And this is exactly why we have the comparable interface with this comparable interface. We notify Java that this is the logic how we want to compare two person objects. And if we implement the unimplemented compare to method. So this is the single method of the comparable interface because we defined person here in the generic type. This is why we have the person in the method argument. This is the other person. And here we can define whatever we want. For example, I would like to make sure that we use integer. Compare this dot age and we have other person dot get age. And of course we have to generate the getters. So I have public get age that returns with an integer. And we return with this dot age. If we do something like this, then Java comes to the conclusion that okay, I can assign priorities to every single person object and I can compare these person objects based on the comparative method. And if we save and run the application, then as you can see, the custom objects are sorted based on the h parameter. 1232 4367. What if we would like to end up with a descending order? Then we have to use minus integer compare. If I save and rerun the application. Now we have 67, 43, 32 and 12. What if we would like to define the priority based on the alphabetical order of the names? Of course we can do that. We can use this dot name dot compare to and we have other person get name. And of course we have to define the getter for the name. So public string getname. And of course we have to return with this dot name. And if we save and run the application, then we end up with the alphabetical order, because we are using a priority queue that stores custom person objects. And we define that the priority. So essentially the logic how this data structure stores the person objects is based on the alphabetical order of the names. What if we would like to end up with the descending order? Then we have to use minus this dot name compared to other person getname. And as you can see, we end up with the alphabetical order, but in descending order. So that's all about how to use the priority queue and how to define this priority based on the Compareto method, that is the single method of the comparable interface. Thanks for watching.