In this lecture we are going to talk about Array deck. That is an extremely powerful data structure in Java that is essentially a circular buffer. So array deck that is array double ended queue is a resizable circular buffer implementation of the deck interface. Dirk stands for double ended queue, which means items can be added or removed from both the front and the back of the data structure. A circular buffer, also called a ring buffer, is a fixed size data structure that wraps around when the end of the buffer is reached. And of course, it is so powerful because it allows efficient last in, first out and first in first out operations without shifting elements. So we will come to the conclusion that if we want to implement a queue or a stack abstract data type, then array deck is the best option possible because most of the operations have, although one constant running time complexity. And what's extremely crucial that we have been talking about one dimensional arrays. So array lists. And we came to the conclusion that whenever we remove or insert items into the data structure, then usually we have to shift all the items. This is not the case here. So we can avoid array shifting because of the circular buffer topology. So let's take a look at an example. How it works exactly. So first of all it is implemented with a one dimensional array. And let's assume that at the beginning the size of this one dimensional array is four. We have two pointers, the head pointer and the tail pointer. At the beginning, both of them are pointing to the first array slot. If we take a look at the documentation, then we can come to the conclusion that we have odd first and odd last methods. This is how we can insert specified items at the front of the queue or at the end of the queue. And then we have the pole first and pole last. Methods. This is how we can remove given items, either from the beginning of the data structure or from the end of the data structure. So let's see what's happening when we call the odd last method, because it is the first item that we insert. This is going to be the first item. And in this case we increment the tail pointer by one. So we do not increment the head pointer, but we increment the tail pointer whenever we call the odd last method. What if we call it again? We insert that item to where the tail pointer is pointing, and then we increment the tail pointer by one. What if we call the odd first method. In this case, it is a bit complicated because the head is pointing to the first array bucket, but this is exactly why it is a circular buffer. We can use modulo operator, and what we can do is that we can insert it to the array bucket preceding the first node. What is it? Of course, because we have to assume that it is a circular buffer. This is going to be the last item of the array. And we have to decrement head pointer by one. And we have to use modulo operator. The size of the array to be pointing to the valid array slot. And by the way, just to understand why it happens if we have the head pointing to index zero. If we want to insert the item to the previous array slot, then the index is minus one and minus one modulo the size of the one dimensional array that is four is equal to three. So this is how we end up with the last item of this one dimensional array. So when we are dealing with circular buffers we have to deal with the modulo operator. And this is how we make sure that the indices are not outside the scope of this one dimensional array. So as you can see, this is why it is so powerful. Because instead of shifting all the items one by one, we will use a circular buffer topology where the first item is stored in the last array slot. What if we call odd first? Again, we insert the value where the head pointer is pointing minus one, and then we decrement the head pointer by one. And whenever the tail pointer is equals to the head pointer so they are pointing to the same array slot. We have to resize this one dimensional array. And what do we have to do? We have to start with the value. The head pointer is pointing to. And we have to increment the head pointer. And copy the values until we hit the tail pointer. So we have 124 and ten. And we have to re-initialize the pointers. The head will be pointing to the first item and the tail is pointing to the last item plus one. So it is pointing to the next array slot available. This is how we resize an array deck. And then if we remove the last item, it is quite straightforward because we just have to remove the item where the tail is pointing minus one. So this is what we have to remove. And then we have to decrement the tail pointer by one. What if we remove first. In this case we have to remove the value where the head is pointing to. And then we have to increment the head by one. So essentially, with the help of these two pointers, the head pointer and the tail pointer, and with the help of the underlying one dimensional array. And then we can use the modulo operator in order to transform indices that fall outside the scope of this one dimensional array into a valid array related index. What's extremely crucial that we don't have to shift the items, as we have seen with array lists. But by the way, we cannot insert into the middle, or we cannot remove an item from the middle. We can manipulate either the front or the back of the data structure exclusively. So let's take a look at a concrete example. In this lecture we are going to talk about the so-called DAC data structure. So these are the so-called double ended queues or the so-called DAC. Okay. What's extremely crucial that these are huge one dimensional Additional arrays under the hood, where we have access to the first item of the array and to the last item of the array. So what does it mean that we can manipulate both sides of the array in order? One constant running time complexity. And this is why implementing queues and stacks are extremely efficient with the help of ducks. Okay, so in this lecture we are going to talk about array deck, which means that array deck implements the deck interface. And the deck interface extends the queue interface. That is a collection that is an iterable. So basically array deck is a queue. So we can instantiate a queue for example storing integers for example the queue. And we can instantiate it as a new array deck okay. So if we use something like this then of course first we have to import Java.util queue. And we have to import Java.util dot array deck okay. And as you can see there is no compile time exception, which means that we can instantiate a queue as a new array deck. Okay, so first of all, let's take a look at the documentation. As you can see, it implements the serializable interface Cloneable iterable collection deck and the queue interfaces. What's crucial that under the hood it is a resizable array implementation. So we are not going to use doubly linked list as we have seen with the linked list class. Here we are dealing with a simple one dimensional array. Of course, sometimes Java is going to resize that one dimensional array. But anyways, there are no capacity restrictions. They grow as necessary to support the usage. Okay. And what's crucial that we can manipulate the first items and the last items as well. So this is why we have the odd first and odd last methods that's going to insert the specified element at the front of the queue and at the end of the queue. So this is how we can insert items. As you can see we have the offer first, offer last methods as well. So this is very similar as we have discussed in the previous lectures, when we have been dealing with queues that sometimes we want to throw a given exception and sometimes we want to return with a given item. And this is why we have the offer first, offer last which is going to insert items as well. So this is very similar to what we have discussed in the previous lectures that for example, the odd first method may throw an exception if the underlying data structure is full and the actual item cannot be appended to the data structure, so it may throw an exception. On the other hand, the offer first method fails gracefully if the underlying data structure is full, so there is no exception thrown, and the return type is a boolean value. By the way, it is very similar to odd last and offer last. Odd last method may throw an the exception. On the other hand, the omphalos method fails gracefully, so it is very, very similar to the odd first and odd last method. But here we are dealing with offer first and offer last. Java is going to throw an exception. Okay. And as you can see we have the remove. First we have the remove last methods. This is how we can remove the given items. Okay. So this is why we can use array deck in order to implement stacks and in order to implement queues as well. So for example if we want to implement a queue of course the queue has a Fifo structure. So the first item we insert is the first item we take out. First of all, instead of programming to queue interface, let's program to queue interface okay. So let's import Java.util dot duck. And what do we have to do if we want to insert we can insert for example one okay. And just for demonstration purposes I am going to insert for example ten then 100 and then a thousand. So what does it mean? We can use a while loop while the queue is not empty. We are going to call System.out.println. As far as the queue dot pull is concerned. Of course the pull method is going to remove the given item. So if we save and run it then as you can see, we have managed to ended up with a standard queue with a Fifo structure. The first item we have inserted is the first item we take out one, then ten, then 100, and finally a thousand. So this is how we can implement queues with the help of array doc. And it is extremely efficient. In the next lecture we are going to talk about running time analysis. And it is going to be clear that array deck is extremely fast okay. So I am going to comment it out. So let's use something like this. I am going to comment it out okay. Because I would like to show you how to use Array Deck in order to implement a stack. So in this case again we are going to store integers. But instead of the offer method we are going to use the push method. And we are going to push the integer one. So we have one. Then we have ten for example. Then we have 100. And finally we have a thousand. And then we can use another while loop. So while the stack is not empty we are going to print out. So System.out.println. And we use the stack dot get first. So here we are manipulating the first items of the array data structure. As far as the queue implementation is concerned. Here we are manipulating the lost items. Okay. So if we use something like this and we save and run the application then sorry for that. The get first method is not going to remove the item it is going to return with the item, but it is not going to remove it. So sorry for that. We have to use the pop method. So if we use the pop method then as you can see it is going to work fine. In this case, the pop method removes and returns the item of the duck. This is how we can remove the item from a leaf fold structure. So the last item we have inserted is the first item. We take out a thousand, then a hundred, then ten and one. So this is how we can implement a stack abstract data type with the help of array deck. And it is going to be way faster. So in the next lecture we are going to talk about performance analysis. And it is going to be clear. So this is how we can use an array deck which is basically a huge one dimensional array where we can manipulate the first items as well as the last items in order. One constant running time complexity. So array decks are extremely fast data structures. Thanks for watching.