We are into a new section and inside this section we are going to discuss about challenge number 10. Let me try to reveal what is this challenge about? This challenge is about building event driven microservices. So let's try to understand more details about what are these event driven microservices and why should we build these event driven microservices. For the same, I'm going to ask you a few questions. The very first question that I'm going to ask you is, how can we avoid temporal coupling whenever possible inside our microservice network? You might have heard loose coupling but temporal coupling might be a new word for you. First, let me try to explain what is loose coupling and how it is different from temporal coupling. As part of loose coupling, we will try to build our application's business logic in a separate microservices, so that they can be developed, deployed and scaled independently. That's what we are trying to achieve from the very start of this course, we separated all the logic related to accounts into accounts microservice and similarly cards and loans related business logic, we also separated into the respective microservices. So with that, what did we achieve? We achieved loose coupling. Now let's try to understand what is temporal coupling. Temporal coupling occurs whenever a caller service expects an immediate response from a calling service before continuing its processing. For example, think like you have microservice1 and microservice2. The microservice1 is dependent on the microservice2. So whenever microservice1 is trying to invoke the microservice2, the microservice1 is going to continuously wait till it is going to get a response from the microservice2. In this scenario, the microservice1 has a temporal coupling with the microservice2. So any slow behavior of microservice2 is going to have an impact on the microservice1. That's why wherever possible, we need to avoid temporal coupling between our microservices. And this temporal coupling happens whenever we try to use synchronous communication between the services. As of now, we are following the synchronous communication with the help of REST APIs. How can we prevent this temporal coupling. So let's try to understand the same. In order to avoid the temporal coupling, we need to use asynchronous communication wherever possible inside our microservice network. Synchronous communication between the services is not always necessary. In many real world scenarios, asynchronous communication can fulfill the requirements very effectively. So wherever possible, we need to establish asynchronous communication between the services. I know you may have questions like what is asynchronous communication. Don't worry about it. We are going to talk in few minutes. But before that, let me try to clarify why we should not consider synchronous communication in all type of scenarios inside the synchronous communication, there are two approaches majorly used by everyone. The first one is imperative approach and the second one is reactive approach. Inside the imperative approach, whenever a microservice1 is trying to invoke the microservice2, In such scenarios there will be a thread dedicatedly assigned to this communication and the thread which is blocked for this operation is going to wait continuously for the response to come from the microservice2. So this is a very plain synchronous communication approach. Whereas in the reactive approach there won't be any threads blocked on the microservice1 to wait for the response from the microservice2. Instead what is going to happen is, there will be a thread while invoking the microservice2. After the invocation the thread will go back to the thread pool and it will try to pick up the next request that are coming towards the microservice. When the response from the microservice2 is received by the microservice1 then only a thread from the thread pool is going to be assigned. So if you see here inside the reactive approach, we are trying to use the threads more efficiently compared to the imperative approach. Regardless of whether you are using imperative approach or reactive approach, the communication between the two microservices are going to be synchronous communication, which means until your microservice1 is going to receive the response from the microservice2, it is not going to process the next business logic. This kind of synchronous communication you may need for critical business scenarios inside your microservices, where you want to show the immediate response to the end users. Suppose think like inside your bank website, the end user is trying to understand what is his current balance. So he will click on a button which will reveal his current balance. In such scenarios, the communication has to be synchronous because the end user is waiting to see the response immediately on the screen. But we should not use synchronous communication in all type scenarios. Wherever possible, we need to leverage asynchronous communication. So how to build these asynchronous communication between the microservices? So let's try to understand the same. In order to build a synchronous communication between the microservices, we need to build event driven microservices. So what is an event? It is an incident that happens inside your microservices, which signifies a state transition or an update inside your system. Whenever an event takes place, we need to alert the concerned parties. For example, take an e-commerce application inside Amazon website, whenever you place an order, the order microservice has to notify the delivery microservice, which is deployed inside the Amazon network. The communication between order microservice and the delivery microservice. It don't have to be an synchronous communication. Instead, the order microservice as soon as the end user made a payment and order is confirmed, it is going to trigger an event which will act as a notification to the delivery microservice. In this scenario, the order microservice is just going to generate an event or trigger an notification. Apart from that, the order microservice is not going to wait for that delivery process to complete and the delivery microservice to give a successful response. The order microservice responsibility is only to send a notification to the delivery microservice. So this is a classic example of event driven microservice. So if you see here, the communication is not going to happen synchronously. Instead the communication is going to happen with the help of asynchronous communication. Because the order microservice is not waiting for the successful response from the delivery microservice. Instead, it simply send a notification or alert and its job is completed. I hope you are clear. Now you may have a question like how to build these event driven microservices. Don't worry, I'm going to help you around this. In order to build the event driven microservices, we need to follow event driven architecture, producing and consuming events with the help of asynchronous communication event brokers and in the same process, we can leverage to fascinating projects available inside the spring cloud ecosystem, which are spring cloud function and spring cloud stream. I hope you are clear with the challenge and you are super excited about the event driven microservices. So let's explore the world of event driven microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.