We decided to build event driven microservices wherever possible inside our microservice network. In order to build event driven microservices inside the industry there are two majorly used event driven models available. The very first one is, publisher subscriber model. In short form, we can also call it as pub/sub model. This model revolves around subscriptions. P roducers they will generate the events and that are distributed to all the interested subscribers for consumption. Inside this model, once an event is received and consumed by the consumers, it cannot be replayed again and again, which means any new subscribers joining later will not have access to the past events. Very similar to this pub/sub model, we also have event streaming model. Inside this model also the producers will be produce the events and the consumers will consume the events. But there is a clear difference between these two models. So let's try to understand what is this difference. Inside event streaming model events will be written into a log in a sequential manner. Producers publish the events as they occur and these events are stored in a well ordered fashion. Now coming to the consumers instead of subscribing to the events, the consumers, they will have the ability to read from any part of the event stream, which means the events can be replayed, allowing the clients to join at any time and receive all the past events as well. So this is one of the major difference and you need to choose one of them based upon your business scenario. If your business scenario is not expecting your consumers to read the past events, then pub pubsub is a ideal model. Whereas if you want to give flexibility to your consumers or subscribers to read the past events or to replay the past events also, then definitely in such scenarios you need to choose event streaming model. If needed inside event streaming model we can disable the replaying of the events feature, so there is no good or bad inside these two approaches. Please choose based upon your business scenarios. Now these are the two models but you may have a question like how can I follow these models or how can I implement these models inside my microservices. For the same both of these models, they have various products available. If you see here, the pub/sub model is frequently implemented with the Rabbitmq. So this is a very popular option. On the other hand, Apache Kafka is a robust platform widely utilized for event streaming processing. Inside this course also, we are going to leverage these products since these are two different products, completely different from each other, providing various capabilities. I'm going to completely discuss them in two different sections. Inside this section first, we are going to focus on building event driven microservices with the help of Rabbitmq. Whereas in the next section we are going to focus on building event driven microservices with the help of Apache Kafka. I hope you are clear with these two event driven models. From the next lecture we can try to explore the pub/sub model with the help of Rabbitmq. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.