Inside this lecture, let me try to explain you, what is the scenario that we are going to build with the help of pub/sub model. As of now, we have accounts, cards and loans, microservices and all the scenarios that we have as of now we are leveraging synchronous communication. We should not try to change them because the scenarios that we discussed, they are very critical to the business. We should not make them asynchronous. With the current scenarios inside our microservices. My end user can perform crud operations on the accounts, cards and loans. Once the execution of the logic is completed, we should give an immediate response to the end user whether the request is processed successfully or not. That's why we have followed the synchronous communication. But now we decided to explore the asynchronous communication and to leverage the pub/sub model inside this section. So in order to build this asynchronous communication inside our microservices network, I'm going to take a scenario. Inside this lecture, I'm going to explain the same scenario. So let's try to understand the same. In the very first step, someone will try to create a new account with the help of accounts microservice. So inside our accounts microservice we have a create API using which a new account can be created. So this request will be received by my accounts microservice and behind the scenes my accounts microservice is going to create the new account and at the same time it is also going to be responsible to send the communication to the end user like through SMS or through email, saying that your account is successfully created. So if you see here, there are two parts inside the microservice logic. One is creating a brand new account and storing the details inside the database. And the second part is to trigger an event for a dependent microservice to send the communication. I don't want to give my accounts microservice only to handle all the communication business logic as well. Instead, I'm going to build a new separate microservice, which is going to be responsible for sending the communication to the end user. So that's why as soon as the account details are created successfully, my accounts microservice is going to respond to the end user immediately saying that your account is created successfully and in the same step3 the accounts microservice is also going to send an event to the event broker and the event broker is going to put that event into a queue from this queue all the subscribers who subscribe to that queue will read the event details. So in this scenario you can see in the step4 there will be an message microservice which will continuously monitoring the queue present inside the event broker. As soon as the event pushed into the queue. This message microservice is going to read that event details and based upon the data present inside the event, it is going to send an email or SMS to the end user saying that your account is successfully created. So if you see here, there is a middleman sitting between two microservices. We call these middleman as event broker. So this event broker can be rabbitmq in the scenario of pub/sub model or it can be Apache Kafka in the scenario of event streaming model. I'm going to discuss more about these event broker and queues in the coming lectures. But for now, this is the sample flow that will happen during the account creation. So there is a synchronous communication happening in the step 1, 2, 3. And at the same time right now we have an asynchronous scenario where we are trying to send the communication details to an end user. So think like after 1 minute or 2 minutes, my message microservice send the communication details to the end user in the form of SMS and email. So now the same has to be communicated back to the accounts microservice. So that it can update that database columns saying that the communication for this account is sent to the consumer. So that's why we are also going to have a reverse asynchronous flow. So let's try to understand the same. So inside the step5 , once the message service process the communication, it is going to publish an event asynchronously confirming the same to the event broker, saying that I process the communication request and send the communication. Now inside this event broker, there will be a queue where my accounts microservice might have subscribed. So as soon as the message service pushes the event details to the event broker inside the step6 my accounts microservice is going to receive the notification from the event broker and inside the step7 seven my account microservice is going to update that database columns saying that communication to the customer is completed. So here you can see the communication between message and accounts microservice is always asynchronous. Even if my message microservice is performing slowly or even my message microservice is completely down, it is not going to impact my accounts microservice in any form. In fact, my account microservice and message microservice, they never know from where they are receiving the data. What is the other side of the microservice who is trying to send the data or who is trying to receive the data? They never know such details. They simply know to push the event to the event broker or to read the event details from the event broker. So this is the scenario which we are going to build inside our accounts microservice and at the same time we are also going to build a new microservice with the name message. So as an event broker inside this section, we are going to use the pub/sub model with the help of the Rabbitmq. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.