We decided to implement asynchronous communication between accounts and message microservice with the help of event broker. And this event broker can be Rabbitmq or Apache Kafka. Inside this section we are going to leverage Rabbitmq. Since we are going to leverage Rabbitmq inside this section, let me try to give you a very quick introduction about what is Rabbitmq, what is its internal process or jargons that we need to be aware. Rabbitmq is an open source message broker, which is widely recognized and utilized by majority of the companies. So these rabbitmq it is going to follow the Amqp protocol. What is AMQP, Advanced Message Queuing Protocol and this Rabbitmq offers flexible asynchronous messaging communication between two applications. Previously, we discussed the major difference between pub/sub and event driven model are, inside pub/sub model, we cannot replay the events or messages whenever we use message broker like Rabbitmq. But in the recent versions of Rabbitmq, event streaming capabilities are also provided with Rabbitmq we can also replay the events or messages. But still majority of the people they uses Apache Kafka for event streaming scenarios because by the time Rabbitmq team realizes and implement the same Apache kafka acquired most of the market. We are also going to discuss what is the difference between Rabbitmq and Apache Kafka in the coming lectures in detail. For now, let's try to focus on Rabbitmq. So whenever we are using Rabbitmq, we need to be aware about few jargons or few terminologies. The very first jargon is producer. Who is the producer? It is the entity or it is the service that is responsible to send the events or messages. So whenever we are following pub/sub model, we we can also say these events as messages because Rabbitmq is a message broker. That's why in other words, we can call events as messages whenever we are trying to use a rabbitmq. So I hope you are clear. What is producer? Sometimes people also call these producer as publisher because this service is responsible to publish the messages into the message broker. After producer, we also have consumer. So who is a consumer, It is the entity at the service that is responsible to receive the messages from the message broker and process them. In other words, we can also call these consumer as subscriber because these entities are subscribed to the message broker to be notified whenever a message is received. So we have producer and we have consumer. So who is going to connect them and establish a synchronous communication? The message broker is going to do that. The middleware that receives messages from producers and directs them to the appropriate consumers. We call that middleware component as message broker and Rabbitmq is one such message broker similarly, we also have many other message brokers inside the industry. But Rabbitmq is a open source message broker, which is majorly used by most of the organizations. That's why I'm also trying to use the same. So if you try to visualize the relation between producer, consumer and message broker, it is going to look like this. You can see on the very left hand side we have producer and the right hand side we have the consumer, and in between we have the message broker. The producer will send our producers messages into message broker and the other side, the consumer who is going to subscribe to the message broker. They are going to receive the messages from the message broker whenever it is available. Here you may have a question like is message broker is capable of handling only one producer or one consumer? Off course not. The message broker can handle any number of producers and consumers. With that clarification, you may have one more question which is, how the message broker is going to identify who is the producer is trying to send the message and to which consumer it has to send the message. For the same, let's try to understand what exactly is going to happen inside the message broker. The messaging model of AMQP operates on two principles. One is exchanges and queues. So whenever a producer wants to send a message to the message broker, it has to send to the exchange present inside the message broker and based upon the specified routing rules for an exchange, the Rabbitmq is going to determine which queue should receive the copy of the message and from the queues the consumers are going to read the message. I know this may not be clear for you. Let me try to show you the same inside a picture. Like you can see here, first there'll be a producer. Producer will always send the message to an exchange inside your message broker. This exchange is going to identify to which queue it has to send the message details. Inside your message broker you may have any number of exchanges and queues, and to these queues the consumers are going to subscribe and whenever a message is pushed into the Queue1 or Queue2, the corresponding consumer can receive the message. For example, the producer can send a message to the exchange and based upon the exchange details, the message can go to the Queue1 or Queue2. If the message goes to the Queue1, then consumer one will be notified about this message as soon as it reads, the message will be deleted from the queue and there is no rule that only one consumer has to be subscribed to a single queue. Any number of subscribers can be subscribed to a queue and very similarly, a consumer can be subscribed to any number of queues. With this, I'm assuming you are clear about Rabbitmq. What is the producers consumers queues exchanges inside the pub/sub model. If you are interested to learn more about the rabbitmq, you can visit the official website of rabbitmq, which is rabbitmq.com. Inside this website there are good documentation and tutorials to learn about rabbitmq in detail. For example, you can click on this Get started and here you have Rabbitmq tutorials and there is a lot of information to read about the rabbitmq here. And these Rabbitmq message broker is not something specific to Java only. Regardless of what language you use, you can still use the Rabbitmq as a message broker, which means your microservice1 can be written in Python, whereas the microservice2 can be written in Java. So here you can see there are tutorials about hello world, queues, pubsub model. And if you can scroll down, there are tutorials around how to implement routing and like I said previously, recently they also implemented event streaming capabilities. That's why you are able to see these topics and this request replay pattern tutorials here. So please explore these official website if you are interested to learn more. But I'm going to give a very good introduction about Rabbitmq and how to implement asynchronous communication with the help of this message broker inside this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.