To get started with the implementation of asynchronous communication with the help of Rabbitmq. First, we need to create the message microservice. This message microservice is responsible to receive the messages from the message broker and send the communication to the end users using SMS and email. In order to build this message microservice we are not going to follow that traditional approach that we have followed for other microservices, which means I'm not going to build REST services by following traditional annotations like RestController, GetMapping PostMapping. Instead, I'm going to leverage spring cloud function. So what is this spring cloud function and why we need to leverage this for any event driven microservices. So let's try to understand the same spring cloud function, facilitate that development of business logic by utilizing functions. So whatever business logic that my developer want to write, he simply has to write the business logic inside the functions and the rest of the infrastructural concerns is going to be taken care by the spring cloud function. So how a developer has to write the business logic by adhering to the standard function interfaces available are introduced in Java eight. These functions are namely supplier function and consumer. I know you may have too many questions right now, but let me first try to explain you what is the supplier function and consumer post that I'm going to discuss, what are the advantages that we are going to get by building our business logic with the help of spring cloud function. The very first function type that we have here is supplier. A supplier is a function or a lambda expression that produces an output without requiring any input. It can also be referred as a producer, publisher or source. That means whenever you write your business logic using supplier functional interface, then your business logic is never going to expect any input. It's simply going to produce an event or produce an output. In simple words for your Supplier, Function interface, there won't be any input, but there will be an output. So that's why we will call it as Supplier. It is going to always supply the output without taking any input. Now similarly, we also have Function. What is a Function functional interface. This Function accepts inputs and generate an output. It is commonly referred as a processor because it is taking an input and it is going to process the input and post the processing It is going to generate an output. In simple words, your Function is going to accept an input and send an output. And the next function interface that we have here is Consumer. So Consumer is a quite opposite of Supplier. A Consumer is a function or a lambda expression that always consumes an input but does not produce any output. It can be called as a subscriber or sink. In simple words, your Consumer is always going to have an input, but it will never going to generate any output. It is always going to consume, consume, but not going to give any output. So these are the three different types of standard functional interfaces available inside the java8. Using these three functional interfaces, only the developers are required to implement their business logic with the help of functions. Can you imagine any business logic that can come beyond these three functional interfaces? Off course not, because we can either have a scenario where we are not taking any input but giving an output or we are going to take an input but not going to return any output. So always your business logic will fall into any of these three interfaces. Now coming to the question, why should you develop your business logic with the help of functions by leveraging these spring cloud function project? Because developing business logic with the help of spring cloud function is going to be simple and at the same time it is going to provide you a lot of flexibility to expose your business logic using various patterns. By default, all your logic that you are going to write inside your functions will be exposed as an REST API automatically by your spring cloud function and if needed, you can also integrate these spring cloud function with the event brokers like Rabbitmq, Apache Kafka by adding one more project which is Spring Cloud Stream. Now let's try to understand what more advantages we have whenever we are using spring cloud function. You can see here, whenever we are developing business logic with the help of functions, we can follow reactive approach or imperative approach or hybrid approach. And like I said before, all your business logic is going to be implemented with the help of simple pojo functions. And if needed, you can compose multiple functions to give a desired output. We are going to explore in the coming lectures how to write our business logic with the help of functions and how to club multiple functions to derive an expected output. And the next advantage that we have with the spring cloud functions is, like I said by default, all your functions are going to be exposed as a  http endpoints with the help of REST services and you can also stream data from these functions by integrating them with Apache Kafka Rabbitmq by using Spring Cloud stream framework. So which means the same business logic that you have written with the help of functions you can use as a REST APIs or you can also stream data by connecting them to the event brokers or if needed, you can package these functions for standalone deployments specific to a target environment like AWS lambda, which is a serverless environment. So there are unlimited options that you have how you want to expose the business logic that you have inside your spring cloud function. So if you try to build your business logic with the REST APIs, then you are only limited to the opportunities where the REST APIs are supported. How about streaming the data? Or how about deploying your business logic into the serverless environment? So whenever you are, infrastructural requirements are keep changing. You need to change a lot inside your microservices if you are following the traditional approach. Whereas with the spring cloud function, the developer will always focus on building the business logic with the help of functions and exposing that business logic with the various approach is going to be easily achieved by mentioning few properties inside application.yml file and this spring cloud function is best suitable for event driven architecture or event driven model because these functions give flexibility to us to take our business logic wherever we want. Today we have some technology in future, if some other technology comes, we can easily migrate from one technology to other technology with a minimum configuration. Let's try to explore the spring cloud function website. You can see here under the spring cloud, we have a sub project with the name Spring Cloud function. So these are the high level overview and what are the goals, why we need to use this spring cloud function. So it promotes and implements business logic via functions and decouple the development lifecycle of business logic from specific runtime target. So that the same code can run as a web point, which means REST APIs are a stream processor or a task, and it also supports running your business logic as a standalone, either in your local or in a pass environment. Apart from that, if you can scroll down here, you will be able to see that there are many adapters available to integrate your spring cloud functions with AWS lambda, Microsoft Azure, Apache Openwhisk. So all the majority of the serverless providers have adapters that we can use to integrate with the spring cloud functions. You can also click on this learn button and if you go to the official documentation inside this page, you can click on this reference guide where you will be redirected to the official document page. And here there are multiple sections available. If you want to learn more about spring cloud functions like if you want to deploy your spring cloud function as a standalone web application, you can try to refer this section. And very similarly, you can also deploy them as a standalone streaming applications. You can deploy it as a packaged function. And similarly here we have a section explaining about serverless platform adapters. Here there is official documentation on how to deploy your business logic with the help of spring cloud functions inside the serverless environments like AWS lambda, Microsoft Azure function, Google Cloud functions. So majority of the cloud providers and the serverless platforms are supported for spring cloud functions. Now I'm assuming you are with me on why we should also learn spring cloud function whenever we are trying to build microservices. Using this spring cloud functions, we can always build event driven microservice. In our scenario, we are going to build a new microservice with the name message and since this microservice is going to completely use event driven model, it will be a good decision to build this message microservice with the help of spring cloud function. From the next lecture, let's try to build our message microservice by leveraging spring cloud function. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.