Inside this lecture, let's try to generate a base skeleton project for our message microservice by adding dependencies related to the spring cloud functions. For the same, I came to the website start.spring.io here, please make sure you are selecting project as Maven language as Java and Spring boot version, whatever stable default version. Right now it is 3.1.2 and post that under the project metadata the group is going to be com.easybytes and the artifact and name is going to be message and description like you can see Microservice to support messaging in EazyBank and the package name will automatically populate packaging has to be jar and the Java version is going to be Java 17. Now under that dependencies, I'm going to search for function. Here first, let's try to see what is a brief description about this function dependency. It is going to promote the implementation of business logic via functions and supports a uniform programming model across serverless providers as well as ability to run standalone, locally or in a pass. So what is this uniform programming model? It is the business logic that you are going to write with the help of functions. So the same business logic you can deploy across various serverless providers or you can also use it as a standalone application. So there are many possibilities if you write your business logic with the help of spring cloud functions. So the same they are trying to convey here with the help of this brief description. So now let me select this dependency and this is the only dependency that I need for now. If I go and click on this explore button, you can see under the dependencies we have spring boot stater and spring cloud function context. So this is a very important dependency that we need to add whenever we are trying to use spring cloud functions. And apart from that we also have some test related dependencies. So now I'm good with these dependencies. I can click on this download button which will download a maven project with a name message. As a next step inside my workspace, I'm going to create a new folder where I'm going to develop all the business logic related to this section. So right now we are into the section13. That's why I'm going to copy this section12 where we have the code from the previous section and the same I'm going to paste it here, post that, I'm going to rename it to section13. Inside this section13. First, I will delete the .idea folder and post that I'm going to paste the new Maven project that we downloaded. Behind the scenes, I extracted the messages project and I'm trying to paste the here. So you can see message is the new Maven project. As a next step, I'll go to my IntelliJ idea and try to open this section13. . Here let me click on this open button and post that I'll go to storage, workspaces, microservices and I'm going to select the folder, which is section13. So let me click on this open button. Here I'm going to load all the Maven projects with that, all the projects present inside this section13 are right now detected as Maven projects. As a next step, let me go to the messages microservice. Here under the source folder, first, I'm going to create a new package. The package name is going to be com.eazybytes.message.dto. Because inside this package I'm going to create a class using which I can always accept the message that I'm going to receive from the message broker. So my accounts microservice, is going to send a message to the message broker in the format of this DTO and the same I'm going to receive inside this message service and process the same. Here I'm going to right click and select new Java class. And this time instead of class, I'm going to create a record. And the record name is going to be AccountsMessageDto. Like we discussed at the starting of the course. We can use record instead of class. Whenever we use this record, automatically the container is going to generate the getters for your fields and it is going to make the fields also final, which means once the object of this record is created, all the data inside it, it is going to be final. So here I'm going to mention few fields that I want to receive from the accounts microservice. Whenever we want to mention fields inside a record class, we just need to mention inside these brackets which which is present next to the class name. So here I'm going to mention the fields. Like you can see I want to first receive what is the account number, then what is the name of the customer, what is the email, what is the mobile number. So that using this information my message microservice can send communication in the form of email and SMS. So to send an email we need email address and to send an SMS, we need mobile number. So let me resolve this warning. So it is asking me to write some Javadoc comment. I can try to add some Javadoc here so that we will not have that one. So now we have some Javadoc. As a next step, I'm going to create a new package under com.eazybytes.message. And this package name is going to be functions com.eazybytes.message.functions. Because inside this package only I'm going to create all the functions that are needed for my business logic. So here let me try to create a new class and the class name is going to be message functions because all the functions that I'm going to write inside this class, they are going to handle the messaging to the end user. So let me create this class and post that I'm going to mention @Configuration annotation on top of this class. As a next step, we need to write business logic inside this class with the help of functions. So let's try to continue this discussion in the next lecture. Thank you. Bye.