Now, inside this lecture, let's try to define some business logic with the help of functions. For the same, as of now, I have created a class with the name MessageFunctions. Inside this class, first, I'm going to create a logger variable with the name log because I want to perform some logging inside my functions. As a next step, I'm going to create my business logic with the help of functions. For the same, I'm going to define a method public function. And whenever I'm using this function, which is available inside the Java Core Library, like you can see here, this function accepts two parameters. The first one, which is T is an input and R indicates the output. So whatever data that you mentioned in the very first place, it is going to be the input for your function. Whereas the second parameter indicates the return type from your function. So this function is an interface and you can see it also has an annotation which is @FunctionalInterface. . That means whenever we want to use this interface to implement our business logic, we need to provide an lambda expression which is going to accept an input and return an output. So let's try to define the lambda expression. So here first for the function, the input parameter that I want to accept is AccountsMessageDto. Because my account's microservice is going to send the message in the format of this dto to my message broker and the message broker is going to forward the same input to my function. After the input parameter, I'm also going to mention the output data type as AccountsMsgDto only. I'll come to the point why I'm trying to send the same data type as an output from my function. For now, please note that this is the input data type and this is the output data type. As a next step, I need to provide the name to my function. The name I'm going to give here is email. After the function name, I'm going to open two curly braces. Inside these curly braces, we are going to write a lambda method which is going to act as an implementation logic for my FunctionalInterface of type Function. So now I'm going to write a lambda method since we are going to return an empty lambda method as an return type for this function, let me first mention the return keyword. After the return keyword I'm going to mention a lambda expression variable name, which is I'm going to accept as an input. After this variable name, I'm going to mention my lambda symbol and post that I'm going to mention curly braces. Inside these curly braces, I need to write my business logic before I try to write my business logic, let me mention colon here so you can see from this function we are trying to return the implementation logic of my functional interface. Now I can write my business logic inside my Lambda method. So the business logic that you can see I have written is, I'm simply logging a message saying that sending email with the details received and post that I'm going to print my object with the help of this log statement. So I'm not going to build the actual logic of sending email to the end user because that will deviate all our discussion from microservices. Since I want to focus more on spring cloud functions, spring cloud stream, asynchronous communication, Rabbitmq. That's why I'm not going to implement a lot of business logic here just to make sure we are not losing our focus. So assume like whenever this log statement is printed, we are sending an email to the end user and post that the same input object I'm trying to return from my lambda method. So if you see here, this is matching with my functional interface of type function. We are accepting a input of type AccountsMessageDto with this variable name and at the same time we are also returning the same as an return type from this Lambda method. So to understand more about this method, you need to be clear with the lambda expression functional interfaces available inside Java8 if you are not comfortable with the same. I do have a course focusing more on lambda expressions, streams, functional interfaces. Please do check the same course and enroll into the same. So now we have created an function and inside this function we have created a lambda expression or a lambda method which is going to act as my business logic. As a next step in order to make sure that these function is going to be monitored by the spring cloud functions. We need to mention @Bean on top of this function, if you see here with this email function, I'm only sending the email to the end user. How about the SMS. For SMS, I want to create one more function. For the same, let me copy this function and I'm going to paste in the same class and this time the function name is going to be SMS and post renaming the function name I'm going to change the logger statement also saying that sending SMS with the details so this is the business logic that we want to follow to send the SMS. Now to this function, I want to accept the AccountsMessageDto as an input and the return type I want to mention as long variable. So inside my business logic, you can see as soon as I change the return type data value, as long I am getting an exception here because I'm trying to return the variable of data type AccountsMessageDto. . So to resolve this compilation issue, I'm going to invoke a method which is account number. Since we have created the accounts message as an record class, we will not have getter methods with the prefix value as get. Instead, we are going to have the getter methods directly with the name of variable. That's why we are trying to invoke the method accountNumber, which is a getter method to fetch my accountNumber. And since my accountNumber is of type long and it is matching with the return type of my functional interface, it is not throwing any compilation issues. Now let's try to understand why I'm trying to follow these input and output as AccountsMessageDto only, and here why I'm using the long as an return type. The business logic that I want to build with these two functions is, my accounts microservice will send a message to my message broker and my message broker is going to invoke one of the function, which is email. And to this email the input is going to be AccountsMessageDto. So whenever my message broker is invoking my email function behind the scenes, I also want to invoke the sms function. How I'm going to achieve this is, I'm going to compose both these two functions like email and sms as a single logical unit. I can simply write both these logic inside a single function but since I want to show you various features available inside Spring Cloud function, I'm trying to build two different functions. And here, since we are trying to compose two different functions, I'm making sure that my function one is giving the input data that is required for my second function. So my sms  function also need all the information that we received from the AccountsMicroservice. That's why I'm trying to return the same object as an return type from the email. And when I compose these two functions, this return type is going to act as an input to my sms function. And inside my SMS function, once I executed all the business logic, I am trying to send an long value, which is my account number. The reason why I'm trying to send my account number as an return type from this method is once my sending communication details to the end user is completed, I want to let my accounts microservice know that this process is completed. That's why I'm going to send a message to my accounts microservice as a response asynchronously with my account number as an input message value. So using this account number, my accounts microservice can fetch the existing record in the database and we are going to introduce a new column inside our accounts table to update whether the communication is successfully sent or not. I hope you are clear about these input and output parameters that we are trying to use here. If something is not clear, don't worry. When I show you the demo, it is going to be super clear for you. Here you can see I have created my functions only with the help of Function interface. And similar to Function interface, we also have other functional interfaces which are supported by spring cloud function and these functional interfaces are supplier. So inside java.util.function we have the Supplier interface. So here you can see these Function interface is going to have only one generic argument and this T indicates the type of results supplied by this supplier. So whenever you have scenario where you're not going to accept any input but you are going to send an output, then please write your business logic with the help of these functional interface. And very similarly, we also have Consumer interface, inside this Consumer interface, these generic data type indicates what is the type of input that your functional interface is going to accept. So in scenarios where your business logic is simply going to accept the input, but it is not going to return any output, then you can use this functional interface to write your business logic. I hope you are clear with the two functions that we have created. Let's try to test these changes in the next lecture. Thank you. Bye.