I know you might be hating me on why I'm using spring cloud functions and why this fellow is trying to build the business logic with these functions. I understand your frustration, but inside this lecture I'm going to show you the power of spring cloud functions. As of now, you can see I simply return functions. And inside these functions I have written my business logic. So these are very normal methods. Any developer can write to convert these functions as an REST APIs. I can simply go to my pom.xml and inside my pom.xml I'm going to add a new dependency. So let me copy the spring cloud function context dependency. And here in the place of spring cloud function context, I'm going to add a new dependency which is spring cloud starter function web. After adding this, let me reload the maven changes. Once my maven dependencies are downloaded, I'm going to do a build. Once the build is completed, I will go to my spring boot main class, which is MessageApplication and I will try to start my application in a debug mode. This will start my messages microservice at the default port at 8080. Here you can see all my functions are recognized by my spring cloud functions. That's why you're able to see the log related to these functional catalogue. Now are you ready to see the magic? Let me go to the postman. Inside My postman, you can see there is a folder that I have created with the name messages. And inside these we have a request with the name email. So I'm trying to invoke my API, which is available at the port 8080 and the path is going to be email. So this path should match with your function name, which is email and to my function, what is the input account's message which is going to accept these variables like account number, name, email and mobile number. So before I try to invoke this REST API, let me try to put a breakpoint inside my function. Here I'm keeping a breakpoint in both my functions. First, I'll try to invoke my email REST API as soon as I click send you can see the breakpoint stopped inside my function that I have written. I'm going to release this breakpoint as soon as I release, if you go to the console, you will also have the log that we have mentioned, like sending email with the details and all the details that we have sent inside the request. That means the business logic mentioned inside the function is being executed. Did I develop any REST APIs, I simply wrote my business logic as functions by simply adding a dependency, all my functions will get exposed as REST APIs automatically. This is one of the feature of spring cloud functions. Similarly, I can change my functions to work in different styles. Maybe I can try to integrate these functions with the event brokers like Rabbitmq or Kafka or maybe I can simply deploy these functions as a standalone application inside any serverless platforms like AWS Lambda. So that's a power of spring cloud function, especially if you are building event driven microservices. It is always advisable to build your business logic with the help of functions and this will give flexibility to you to deploy your functions in whatever format that you want. Let's try to test sms API as well. Before I try to invoke the sms API, if you observe the response of this email API, we are getting whatever value we sent in the request because we are sending the same object as an output from this function business logic. Now let me go to the sms, for the sms under the body, we need to make sure we are sending the same AccountsMsgDto in a Json format. As soon as I click send I'm getting an error because the port number is wrong. Let me change this to 8080. Let me try to invoke again. The breakpoint stopped and this also confirmed that sms function is exposed as an REST API. So let me release this breakpoint post that you can also see inside the console there is a statement saying that sending sms with the details with this, it confirms that our SMS business logic also is getting executed. Inside the response, you can see we are getting the account number that we sent in the request because the SMS function is going to return the account number which is of type long as an output. That's why we are getting this output value. So with these functions it gives a flexibility to your clients to invoke email or SMS as an REST APIs. Whenever you are client application or your microservice want to send only email communication, they can simply invoke this email function or if they want to simply send the SMS related communication, then they can invoke the REST API exposed by the sms function. But apart from invoking these functions independently or individually. I also want to give flexibility to my clients to invoke a REST API, and these REST API is going to invoke both of these two functions as a single logical unit. So how to achieve that? For the same, we need to compose our functions in order to compose our functions as a single logical unit. We need to go to the application.yml file. As of now we have property file. Let me try to rename this to application.yml and post that I'm going to open this and here I'm going to first mention server after server port and the port value I'm going to give as 9010 because at the default port, which is 8080, our accounts microservice is going to start. So just to avoid the port to conflict issues, I'm trying to give a different port number for my Message microservice. As a next step, I'm going to define spring and a spring application and a application name and the application name I'm going to give as message. Here we are just trying to give a name to our message Microservice. The name is message itself. Later on we are going to use this property. As a next step, under spring, I'm going to mention cloud under cloud, I'm going to mention function under function, I'm going to mention definition after definition I'm going to mention my function names, which is email followed by pipe symbol. And what is the second function name with this pipe symbol, I'm trying to compose both these two functions into a single logical unit. Similarly, you can try to compose any number of functions with the help of pipe symbol. So now let's try to see what is going to happen. For the same, let me save this changes. Do a build and post that I'm going to restart my messages application. This time it is going to start at the port 9010. So let me remove the breakpoints that I have here. As a next step, I can test the email and sms one more time at the port 9010. So let me invoke my email function. So email function is working fine. Now let me go to the sms and here also I'm going to mention the port number as 9010. And this also confirms that my sms REST API or sms function is also working fine, so there is no impact to the individual REST APIs that are exposed due to the spring cloud function definition that we have defined. Now, are you ready for the new magic? You can open the third request, which is emailsms. So whenever you try to compose multiple functions, it is going to expose a REST API with the name by combining all your functions. So email is the first function and post that SMS. So emailsms without any space or without any special character in between them we can invoke. And for this emailsms, since it is going to first invoke the email function, we need to send the request in the format that your email function is expecting. So let me invoke this. Before that, I will try to clean the console and see what is going to happen. So this time I'm clicking on the send button. So you can see we are getting an output of account number. So let's try to understand what happened behind the scenes. So behind the scenes you can see two log statements you will be able to see. One is sending email and the other one is sending SMS. This confirms that both these two functions are being executed as a single logical unit because we tried to compose them as a single logical unit with the help of these pipe symbol. I hope you are seeing the power of spring cloud functions. How you are able to expose our functions as a REST APIs by simply adding a dependency inside the pom.xml. But we are not focusing building our functions as a REST APIs. Instead, we want to integrate these functions with one of the event broker or message broker, which is rabbitmq. So to integrate your functions with the Rabbitmq or any other event streaming model, you need to use spring cloud stream as well. Along with the spring cloud functions. From the next lecture, let's try to understand what is spring cloud stream and how we can leverage that inside our message microservice. Before that I will try to roll back all the REST API related changes. So here I will just try to comment this dependency just for your reference because I don't want to expose my functions as REST APIs. That's why I'm commenting this dependency and we don't have to delete these properties anyway we are going to use them when we try to integrate our functions with event brokers. I hope your super, super clear and you liked spring cloud functions. When I try to integrate this spring cloud functions with Spring Cloud Stream and Rabbitmq, you are going to have wow feeling. So let's continue this discussion. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.