We saw the demo of Spring cloud functions. Now, inside this lecture, let's try to explore what is spring cloud stream and what are the advantages or abilities that it is going to provide to us Before I try to explain about Spring Cloud Stream, let me highlight you that I have highlighted all the steps that we have followed to build the business logic with the help of spring cloud functions. You can always refer these slides for a quick reference before you try to go to any interview or any project discussion. Now let's try to understand what is Spring cloud stream. We know that with the help of spring cloud functions, we can build our business logic inside functions and these functions if needed we can expose them as REST APIs by just adding a dependency inside our pom.xml. But what if you want to integrate your functions with the event brokers like Rabbitmq or Apache Kafka? So in all such scenarios, we need to use this Spring Cloud Stream project. So Spring Cloud Stream is a framework designed for creating scalable event driven and streaming applications. By using these project, we can convert our messaging microservice as an event driven or streaming application. The main purpose on why this Spring cloud stream project is developed is, to allow developers to focus on the business logic. While this framework takes care of infrastructure related tasks like such as integrating with a message broker or a Apache Kafka. In other words, Spring Cloud Stream is going to act as an abstraction layer and provide a consistent experience to developers, regardless of which middleware that you are using behind the scenes. If you are using Rabbitmq, you simply add the dependency related to Rabbitmq inside your pom.xml. And very similarly, if you are using Apache Kafka, you can simply add that dependency related to the same inside your pom.xml. In both these scenarios, the developer experience is going to be same because he don't have to change anything inside his business logic or inside his Java logic. He just need to add the dependency inside pom.xml and after that he just need to change a few properties. With that, he should be good. And this spring cloud stream is going to take care of all infrastructural headaches like integration with the event broker. Behind the scenes this spring Cloud Stream supports many integrations, like with Rabbitmq, Apache Kafka, Kafka Streams, Amazon Kinesis and we also have integrations that are maintained by the partners for Google pub/sub, solace pub/sub, Azure Event Hubs, Apache RocketMQ. So regardless of which message broker or event broker that you use inside your projects, you don't have to make any changes. So today you might be using Rabbitmq but in future you may move to Apache Kafka or Google Pub/Sub. In this kind of scenarios, the transition from one product to other product is going to be seamless. Before Spring cloud stream and spring cloud functions. All the developers they used to expose their business logic by writing REST APIs with the help of RestController, GetMapping, PostMapping annotations. After defining the REST APIs, they used to add a lot of dependencies related to Rabbitmq and use a lot of classes or interfaces which are specific to RabbitMQ. In future, if they want to move to the Apache Kafka, they need to delete a lot of interfaces and classes related to RabbitMQ and Post that they need to leverage the classes and interfaces of Apache Kafka. And during this transition you can also see the developers has to learn a lot about the new product that they are trying to move. Until unless they don't know what is the interface and the classes that they have to use inside the new product. They cannot really have a seamless transition. So all these challenges are going to be handled by the spring cloud stream. So this magic of spring cloud stream, it is going to achieve with the help of three important components. The very first one is destination binders. This is the component which is responsible to provide the actual integration with the external messaging system. Using the destination binders only, the spring cloud stream is going to integrate your microservice or your application with the Rabbitmq or Apache Kafka or whatever product that you are trying to use. The next component is destination bindings. The names are looking very similar but there is a difference between binders and bindings. Once the actual integration with the messaging system is taken care by the destination binders behind the scenes, it is also going to create channels or destination bindings which are going to act as a bridge between the external messaging system and the application code written by the developer. And the third component is, Message. Using this component only we can define the data structure that can be used by the producers and consumers to communicate with each other. As of now, inside message microservice, we are accepting the input in the format of account messages. So that is going to act as a message component in our scenario. I know this definition is very short for Destination Binder's,  Destination Bindings. You might be looking for more details. That's why in the next slide I have mentioned details about what is a destination binder and what is a destination binding. So if you try to read them, so whatever I have explained just now, I have mentioned the same for your reference inside this slide. Now let's try to visualize this discussion. Like you can see, first I will create a spring boot application and inside the spring boot application the developer will define his own functions whenever he add the dependency of spring cloud stream between your application and functions, there will be a layer will be created with the name destination bindings. So with the help of this destination binders only, the actual integration with the message systems and event brokers will happen. So once the integration happens behind the scenes, it is also going to create the destination binding. So with the help of destination binding only the actual integration between your application code and the messaging systems will happen. So the destination binding can be of two types input destination binding and output destination binding. Output destination binding, we need to use whenever we are trying to trigger an event from our microservice. Like you can see with the help of output destination binding, we are going to send our message to the exchange and exchange based upon the routing rules that we have defined, it is going to send the message to one of the queue, whereas input destination binding is responsible to read the messages from the queue. So someone is going to send the message to the exchange and from exchange it will come to the queue and from the queue with the help of input destination binding, your functions are going to read the message and process the same. I hope this is clear. Let me show you quickly the website of Spring Cloud Stream. So this is website of spring cloud stream. And at the spring cloud you should be able to see a sub project with the name Spring Cloud Stream. Here is the link that we have. If you try to read the overview details of this spring cloud stream, they're clearly telling that with the help of Spring Cloud stream we can build highly scalable event driven microservices. The main information that I want you to understand here is, you can see Spring Cloud Stream supports a variety of binder implementations like Rabbitmq, Kafka, Stream, Kinesis, Google Pub/Sub, Azure Event Hub, Azure Service Bus, AWS SQS, AWS SNS. So behind the scenes it is going to support all these binder implementations by simply adding the dependencies. And like we discussed, these are the core building blocks of spring cloud stream. I hope you are super clear about what is the purpose of Spring Cloud stream and why we are trying to use the same. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.