Now is the time to leverage spring cloud stream inside our microservices. First, I'm going to make few changes inside the message microservice to integrate my functions with the Rabbitmq. For the same, first, let me stop my running message microservice post that I will go to my pom.xml and here I'm going to delete all the dependencies that we have, including spring cloud function context and in the same place I'm going to add few dependencies. So let me first delete them. And now you can see the dependencies are empty and I'm going to paste few dependencies here. The dependencies that I have added is spring cloud stream and this is the main dependency. Whenever you want to enable spring cloud stream inside your microservice. And the next dependency is spring cloud stream binder rabbit. This I need to add because I want to use Rabbitmq as my event broker or message broker. And at last these two dependencies are related to spring boot start test and spring cloud stream test binder. These are related to unit testing. If you are going to write some unit testing logic, then these dependencies are going to be helpful for you. Now here if you see the main dependencies that we have here is only spring cloud stream and spring cloud stream binder rabbit. Here you may have a question like why I have removed the spring cloud function related dependency. The reason is whenever we add the spring cloud stream dependency inside our project internally, it is also going to add spring cloud function related dependencies. So just to avoid that redundancy, I have deleted the dependency of spring cloud function. So with this we are good from dependencies perspective. As a next step, I will go to the end of this pom.xml. As of now you can see we don't have plugin details related to the Google jib. Since in coming lectures we are going to generate the Docker image for message microservice. It's better to add the plugin details related to the Google jib. So let me add this here you can see the image name is going to be eazybytes and the artifact ID, which is message and the tag name is going to be S13. With these changes, I should be good from pom.xml perspective. Let me load the maven changes and close this file. As a next step, I need to add few properties inside my application.yml, so let me add the same. To add these properties, I'm going to put my cursor at the same position where the function is present. With this, I'm going to define some properties with the parent element as spring.cloud. So let me add these properties. You can see the property is going to be spring.cloud.stream.bindings. And what is the binding name that I want to give? Like I said before, Spring cloud stream bindings, they are going to establish a integration between the message broker with your functions. So this is the binding name that I want to give. Like based upon my function name, like emailsms. I have chosen this name and post that in indicates this is going to act as an input binding and followed by -0. If you don't define these binding names, this is the default naming convention that your spring cloud stream is going to follow. Because since you have defined the definition as emailsms by composing them, it is going to take the name as emailsms since it is going to create the input binding, it is going to mention the value as in and the next value is zero, which is the starting index value. So I'm trying to follow the same default naming convention and provide the name here. After the stream binding name, we need to provide the destination. So with the binding name, my spring cloud stream is going to have my function details like email and sms, whereas right now it does not have what is the queue it has to connect or monitor so that any messages comes to that queue, It is going to redirect those messages to these functions. So to provide the same information to the spring cloud stream, we need to mention the destination and we need to give a random name, which is send a communication. With this inside my rabbitmq there has to be a queue with the name send communication. If you try to see the diagram here, whenever we are using input destination binding, your functions are going to be binded to the queues. Since here also we are using input binding because we have mentioned -in inside the name this destination is going to be considered as a queue name by your spring cloud stream. After the destination, I also mentioned the group property and to this group property we are trying to pass the application name. The purpose of this group property is, if I don't mention this group property, then my rabbitmq is going to append some randomly generated value to my destination names to my channel names and queue names. So to avoid that and to have some consistency behavior. I'm trying to give a group name. When we try to check our Rabbitmq console, then it is going to make more sense to you. Once we have defined these stream binding details, we need to define the rabbitmq details. Since we are trying to use the Rabbitmq message broker, we need to provide the connection details. For the same just under the spring property, we need to make sure we are defining the properties with the elements Rabbitmq. So please make sure this rabbitmq is just under the spring under this rabbitmq element we need to pass, what is the host name, what is the port number, what is the username, password and connection timeout. So all these are default values like inside my local system the host is going to be localhost and we are going to start our rabbitmq at the port 5672 default username is guest and the password is guest. So with this we have made all the changes to convert our message microservice as an event driven microservice. Now it is capable of receiving the messages from a queue with the name sent communication available inside the Rabbitmq. As a next step, we need to update the accounts microservice to send the messages and push them into the rabbitmq. For the same, let me go to the accounts Microservice, inside my accounts microservice I'll open my pom.xml. Inside the pom.xml I'm going to add dependencies related to spring cloud stream and Rabbitmq binder. Let me go to the end of this pom.xml and I'm going to add the dependencies just after these Openapi specification related dependency. So let me add the two dependencies. The two dependencies are spring cloud stream and spring cloud stream binder rabbit. The same dependencies we have added inside the message microservice as well. So let me save these changes and I'll also update the tag name from S12 to S13. Since we are into the new section, let me load the maven changes. After making these changes inside the pom.xml, I'm going to create a class for the same. Let me go to the dto package and here I'm going to create a new record class very similar to what we have created on the message Microservice. The record class name is going to be AccountsMessageDto. Inside this record class, we are going to mention the same fields like we have mentioned inside the message microservice. So let me try to make those changes here very quickly. Like you can see here right now, we have four fields supported by this record class, which is account number, name, email, mobile number. As a next step, whenever we are trying to create a new account inside accounts microservice, we need to make sure we are triggering an event into the message broker. For the same, let's try to add the properties inside the application.yml. So inside my application.yml of accounts microservice I'm going to define new properties. For the same, let me go to the same position where we have spring.cloud as parent. I'll move to the same position where we have openfeign because this openfeign present under the spring.cloud. Here I'm going to create new properties and with the name spring.cloud.stream.bindings and what is a binding name that you want to give. So here we don't have any functions as of now defined inside our accounts microservice. So we can give any binding name. So the binding name that I'm trying to give here is sendCommunication. This is an output binding type. That's why we need to go -out followed by hyphen and zero. For these binding, the destination is going to be the send-communication. So with this destination name my rabbitmq is going to bind my output destination binding to an exchange available inside the rabbitmq. And what is the exchange name? The exchange name is going to be the send- communication. So whenever we are using output binding, the destination is going to be the exchange. Whereas whenever we are using input binding like we did inside the accounts microservice, the destination is going to be the queue name. So after defining these stream binding related information, we should also define the Rabbitmq connection details. For the same, I'm going to go to the portion where we are going to have an spring as an parent element. So let me go up, here you can see the parent is spring. I can navigate into the same position. So let me go down, down, down, down, down. And here I'm going to paste Rabbitmq related properties. So spring.rabbitmq.host, hostname is localhost port username, password and connection timeout. So these are very similar to what we have mentioned inside the message microservice. So now we are done with the properties inside the application.yml. Now let me go to the ServiceImpl class where we are trying to create the account details. So inside my account service there is a method with the name create account. From this method only I need to trigger an event or message whenever I successfully create a new account before I try to write some logic here. First, let me try to create a logging variable with the name log because I want to perform some logging. Post that I'm going to autowire a bean of type stream bridge. So let me try to mention the variable name, which is Stream Bridge. Since I have mentioned this as an variable inside this class and I have mentioned the AllArgsConstructor, the autowiring is going to happen automatically with all these three properties. That means behind the scenes, my spring cloud stream is going to create a bean of stream bridge and the same is going to be injected into this class. Now let me go to the Create account method. Here first, I'm trying to save the customer details and post that, I'm also trying to save the account details. So whatever account details I've saved, I will try to catch them again so that I can try to refer them in my logic. So I have created a new variable with the name saved account which we are going to receive as a return type from this save method. Now, just after this create account method, I'm going to create a private method with the name sendCommunication() to save some time. I pasted this logic. Don't worry, we are going to discuss each line by line. You can also get this code from the GitHub repo. The same sendCommunication() method I'm going to invoke from the create account method to this sendCommunication() method. I'm going to pass two input parameters. The very first one is savedAccount() and the other one is savedCustomer. So now let's try to see what is there inside the sendCommunication(). So first I'm trying to create an object of AccountsMessageDto record class. So to create a new object I need to pass all the required fields to the constructor of AccountsMessageDto. The fields are first account number, followed by name and email and mobile number. So these data we want to send to the message microservice. After that I have some logger statements saying that sending communication request for the details present inside the object message. So this is a logger statement we are going to print just before sending the message details. Now, if you see here, with the help of Stream Bridge being that we have injected into this class, we are going to invoke the send method. To this send method, we need to mention what is the output destination binding that we have defined inside the application.yml. So this is the destination binding that we have created. The same name we need to pass as an first parameter to the send method. Since we are invoking the send, it is obvious for the spring cloud stream that this name belongs to an output binding. And whenever we are using this output binding name it also knows what is the exchange that it has to forward the message. So the exchange name is present here. The exchange name is going to be send communication, which we have mentioned with the help of this destination. Now, after this first parameter, we should also mention what is the message that we are trying to send. Obviously, we want to send the object of AccountsMessageDto. With this the message will be received by the exchange that is available inside the Rabbitmq. I hope you are able to establish the link between accounts microservice, Rabbitmq and message microservice. . When we are also going to see the demo, it is going to be super clear for you. Now, if you go back to the AccountServiceImpl, we are going to return a boolean value, whether the message is successfully sent to the Rabbitmq or not. So the same boolean value, I'm trying to print it with this log statement, which is is the communication request successfully processed. The result is going to be true or false. When I say process, the meaning is whether the request to send the communication is triggered or not. So this is what I'm trying to convey with these log statement. So now with this, we have made all the changes inside accounts and messages micro service. We have added all the dependencies related to spring cloud stream and Rabbitmq. As a next step, we can try to start our microservices along with the Rabbitmq and try to see the demo. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.