Now is the time to see the demo of triggering an event from accounts microservice to the message microservice with the help of Rabbitmq. To get started with the demo first, we need to make sure we started the Rabbitmq to start and set up the rabbitmq, we need to run a Docker command. So to know what is the Docker command that we need to run, we can visit the Rabbitmq website and click on this get started and download and installation. And here there is a docker run command. So let me take this docker run command and try to run the same inside my terminal. Before you try to run this command, please make sure you have the Docker running inside your local system. So these are Docker commands. So let me try to run these in a detached mode so that my terminal will be free for me to run other commands Here I'm trying to give -d, now I'm executing this command. You can see I got a containerId as an output. I can also confirm if my rabbitmq started successfully or not by checking inside the Docker desktop. So this is my Docker desktop. You can see there is a rabbitmq container in running status. As a next step, I can start my microservices. So inside my workspace first I'm going to start my config server. So to start my ConfigServer, I'll open the config server main class and run the application in a debug mode. Once the config server is started successfully, we need to go to Eureka Server and try to start the same. So let me start my Eureka server here. I'm trying to start this Eureka server also in a debug mode. After the Eureka server, we need to start the accounts microservice. So to start the accounts microservice here, I'll go to the main class which is accounts application and I will try to run this in a debug mode. Along with the accounts microservice, we can also start message microservice with the help of these main class, which is Message MessageApplication. We don't need to start cards and loans microservice because we didn't make any changes inside them and we are also not going to test any scenarios related to loans and cards. Once AccountsApplication started, I'm going to start the GatewayServer. So this GatewayServer is going to act as an resource server. Since we have secured the gateway server with the help of spring security. So to test my scenarios, I should also start my Keycloak server, which is going to act as my auth server. So inside my Docker containers I have a keycloak container in a stopped mode, so I will try to start the same. Please don't try to delete the keycloak container inside your local system. If you delete it every time you need to set up the client details, roles, information. So to avoid that, we need to make sure we are only stopping it, but not deleting the container whenever we don't need. So now I have started my keycloak container. As a next step, first, I will try to show you the Rabbitmq console, the URL that we need to access to check the rabbitmq console is localhost 15672. So let me try to access this. The username is going to be guest and the password also is going to be guest. So these are the default username and passwords. So let me try to log in. Inside this UI, we are more interested about the exchanges and queues. First, let me try to click on this exchanges. You can see there is an exchange created with the name sent communication, the same we have defined inside the AccountsMicroservice application.yml as an destination. So if you try to click on this send communication channel and try to open the bindings, you should be able to see the queue name where the message will be redirected, whenever this exchange receives a message, the queue name is sendCommunication.message. You can also check whether the queue is created or not by going to the queues. So here you can see there is a queue name, which is send-communication.message. This name we have provided inside the application.yml of message microservice. Let me show you the same very quickly. So here you can see the destination is send communication and after that we are trying to append a group name which is message. If you see here, we only define the input binding. With this input binding, we are trying to bind these input binding to the message queue with the name send-communication.message. But if you see the exchanges information inside Rabbitmq we also have output binding created with the name emailsms-out-0. This is because by default whenever you add the spring cloud stream to your microservice where you have defined functions with the help of spring cloud function, the spring cloud stream is automatically is going to create the input binding and output binding based upon function definition. So my function definition is going to be emailsms because I tried to compose them as a single function. That's why using the same spring cloud definition name, it also created an output binding. That's what we are able to see. Whereas for the input binding, since we have defined the destination details inside the rabbitmq console, it is binded to this queue, but coming to this emailsms-out-0. We have not binded these to any of the rabbitmq component. That's why you can see this exchange does not have any binding. This is the default exchange created by the spring cloud stream, as of now it is empty. Later on we can try to update this, but right now the focus is on this queue, which is this send-communication.message and the exchange is send-communication. I hope you are clear. As a next step, we can try to invoke the Create account API available inside accounts microservice. So inside my postman I should go to the folder which is gateway security. And here we have an API with the name Accounts_POST_ClientCredentials. So using the client credentials approach, I'm going to create an account. First, let me try to click on the send button. Obviously I will get 401 unauthorized in order to get an access token, I need to make sure the client ID and client secret I have mentioned properly. So this is my client id. Let me go and get the client secret. For the same, we need to access the keycloak URL which is localhost 7080 and click on this administration console. I'm going to enter the admin credentials which are admin, admin post that I'll go to clients and I'll open the EazyBankCallCenterCC. I'll go to credentials and this is the secret which I'm going to copy and mention the same inside my postman. Now I'll try to get an access token. You can see the authentication is successful. Let me get an access token and use the same. As the next step, I'm going to create an account with a mobile number which is ending 688. So let me click on this send button. You can see I got an immediate response. You should be able to see inside the Rabbitmq console also, there is a message received. That's why inside the graph you are able to see a spike here. If you go to the console of my AccountsApplication, you should be able to see a logger saying that sending communication requests for the details and in between it is trying to connect to the rabbitmq and send a message. As soon as the message is sent, immediately we are receiving the response, which is, is the communication request successfully processed. Since we received the boolean true, we are printing the same here, so please note that when we say successfully process we are only trying to convey that is the communication request successfully triggered. As a next step, if you go to the MessageApplication console here, you will be having details saying that sending email with the details and sending SMS with the details. I hope you are clear. Now let's try to see the demo in a slow motion. Inside the slow motion, I'm going to show you the power of asynchronous communication or event streaming microservices. So let me clean all the console inside my MessageApplication and AccountsApplication post that I'm going to keep breakpoint just inside my email function because this is the very first function which is going to be triggered whenever a message is received inside my Rabbitmq. This time I'm going to create an account with a mobile number which is ending six, eight, seven. Let me click on this send button. I'm getting unauthorized because the token might have expired. Let me go to the authorization, get a new access token and use the same. Now I'm going to click on the send button. Before that, let me go to the body and make sure we are giving a mobile number which is ending with six, eight, seven. So I'm clicking on the send button. You should be able to see a immediate response. You see, we got an immediate response within 51 milliseconds, but we put a breakpoint inside message Microservice. Let's try to see what happened there. As of now the message microservice is not processed. The input message received. This confirms that my accounts microservice is not waiting for my message microservice response. The responsibility of accounts microservice is to simply put a message into the rabbitmq and with that it can continue with the remaining business logic. That's what happened and we got an immediate response. So this way we have established the asynchronous communication and my accounts microservice has no clue about message microservice only they are aware about the event broker or message broker which is sitting in the middle and my rabbitmq is doing all the magic. Now here I will not release the breakpoint, but I'll go to the accounts application inside the accounts AccountsApplication. Here, you can see we are seeing the log statements, which is sending communication requests. And is the communication request successfully processed, which is true. So this confirms the complete request is processed successfully. And we also saw the response here with the value 201. Now under the message application console, as of now, there is no details here. If I try to release the breakpoint, then you can see we are getting two new log statements which is sending email with the details and sending sms with the details. I hope you are clear with this demo. As a next step, we should also let our message microservice to send a notification or an event to the accounts microservice whenever it is done sending the email and SMS to the end user. So it is going to be two way communication asynchronously. First, my accounts microservice will trigger an event using which my message microservice is going to send the communication. Maybe after 1 minute or 2 minutes or maybe in the worst case scenario after one day also, if my message is processed on the message microservice, it should send a notification or event back to the accounts microservice saying that I have processed communication successfully, so please update the details on your side as well. So that's what we need to implement as a next step. I hope you are clear before I try to close this lecture, let me try to update the log statement that we have inside the AccountServiceImpl. I know this might look very confusing for you. Like is a communication request successfully processed instead I will mention like is a communication request successfully triggered. With this, I'm assuming it is clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.