Do you remember this slide? As of now, we have only implemented one, two, three, four steps. That means the event streaming is happening from accounts to message service. As a next step, we should also try to stream an event from message to the accounts micro service. So that the business flow that we have is going to be complete. In order to send an event from message microservice to the accounts micro service, we need to follow very similar kind of steps that we have discussed previously. So as of now you can see we have a binding with the name emailsms-in-0. So this is an input binding where my message microservice always will keep looking for a message inside a queue with the name send-communication.message. But what if my message microservice want to stream an event to one of the exchange. We need to make very similar changes like we did inside accounts microservice. So inside the accounts application.yml you can see we have created a binding of type output binding. So we need to create very similar one inside the application.yml of message as well. So let me try to create the same. For the same I'm going to copy the same values that we have here, just in the same position where we have input binding details, we need to mention the output binding details as well. So here the output binding details I'm going to provide is, emailsms-out-O. So please make sure your cloud function definition is mentioned here as a prefix. So what is a spring cloud definition name, emailsms. Since we try to compose them with this pipe symbol and post that we need to mention out indicating this is an output binding and zero, which is the starting index value that we need to follow as an standard. Now under the destination, I'm going to mention a new destination which is going to act as an exchange inside my Rabbitmq. The destination name is going to be communication-sent. So this is the exchange name that will be created behind the scenes. With this, we should be done with all the changes inside the message Microservice to send an event to the channel communication-sent. So here you may have many questions. You didn't made any changes inside message microservice like we did inside the AccountServiceImpl. To send the message with the help of this stream bridge bean and invoking the send method and mentioning what is the output binding. We don't need to follow all these steps whenever we are using spring cloud functions. That is one of the advantage that we have. So behind the scenes, how it is going to work is, my spring cloud stream know that an output from these function combination, which is emailsms can be sent as a message to the exchange with the name communication-send. So what is the output from these emailsms, whatever return type that we are going to return from the second function, which is sms. So what we are trying to return inside the second function, if you see here, we are trying to return the long data type, which is the accountNumber. With this, my message microservice is going to trigger a message with an account number value and using this account number value my accounts microservice is going to fetch the account details from the database and it is going to update a database column saying that communication is sent successfully for this account. So did you see how much work we have avoided with the help of spring cloud functions? So that's a beauty of spring cloud functions and spring cloud streams. I still see many students they are using older approaches without using spring cloud functions and spring cloud stream. I feel pretty sad for them because they need to make a lot of changes whenever they are trying to migrate from one product to other product. The transition experience is not going to be seamless. So now we have made all the required changes on the message microservice. As a next step, we need to make changes on the accounts microservice to accept the message that is sent by the message microservice. For the same, let me go to the Accounts Microservice project and here first I'm going to create a new package and the package name is going to be com.eazybytes.accounts.functions. Inside these functions package, I'm going to create a new Java class with the name AccountsFunctions and inside these AccountsFunctions, I'm going to define a function that is responsible to accept the message from the message microservice. So let me try to define an annotation which is @Configuration and post that I'm going to introduce a logger variable. Because I'm going to perform some logging. As a next step, I need to create a function here. We have three types of functional interfaces like Consumer, Supplier and Function. So what is a type of functional interface that we need to use here? Please think about it. The business scenario that we have here is this function is responsible to take the message from the message microservice, which is of type long as soon as it receives, it needs to update the status value inside the database. Apart from that, it is not going to respond anything back to my message microservice that means it is always going to accept the input, but it is not going to send any output. In such scenarios we need to use the Consumer functional interface, so let's try to use the same. So I'll just mention public Consumer to this Consumer interface, we are going to accept the input parameter of type Long. I'll keep this function name as updateCommunication and inside this method we need to write a lambda method which is going to act as an implementation logic for this Consumer functional interface. So let me try to write a return statement since we need to return the lambda expression, I'll have the variable name, which is accountNumber, which is going to act as an input parameter for my lambda expression. Post that I'm going to mention the lambda symbol followed by curly braces and I'll put a semicolon here and inside this method I need to write all my business logic. So first let me try to create a log statement here which is Updating Communication status for the account number. Whatever account number we have received, that means we are just printing a statement saying that right now I'm trying to update the communication status for so-and-so account number. So in order to update these communication status inside the database, first we need to create an column inside the accounts table. For the same, let's go to the schema.sql file available inside the resources folder. Inside the schema.sql, you can see we are trying to create tables like customer and accounts whenever we are trying to start our microservice. Since we are using H2 database, the table is going to be created every time we restart or start our application. So here, just after the branch address, I'm going to introduce a new column with the name Communication Switch. And the data type of this switch is going to be Boolean. That means this is going to hold that true or false value. So let me save these changes. Now as a next step, I should go to the accounts entity class. So inside these AccountsEntity class, I need to add the details related to the new field that I have created. Here like you can see, I have created a new field with the name communicationSwitch, that map it to the column communication_switch. The data type of this field is going to be Boolean. As a next step, we need to write some logic inside our accounts microservice to update these column for a given account number for the same, let me go to the IAccountService interface. Here first, I'm going to create a new abstract method. The abstract method is going to be Boolean updateCommunication status and it is going to accept account number as an input. For this method, we need to write implementation logic inside the AccountServiceImpl. So you can see we are getting an error immediately. Let me go to the end of this class and put my cursor here and post that I'll go to the top of the class and here I'll hold on the class name and select these implement methods option. So let me click on this okay button. This will create an empty method inside my ServiceImpl. Let me paste a few lines of code just to save some time. Like you can see, this is super simple business logic. First we are going to have a Boolean which is going to be defaulted to a value false and we are checking if the account number is not null. If it is not null, we are trying to fetch the account details using the findById because inside my accounts table the account number is a primary key. If there is no account number, we are simply throwing an exception which is ResourceNotFoundException. Otherwise we are trying to use the same Accounts object that we fetched from the database using the same object we are trying to invoke this setter method which is set communication switch and we are setting a value true and post that we are trying to invoke the save method which will update this switch value to the true behind the scenes. And at last we are just updating the boolean value as true and the same we are trying to return from this method. As a next step, I need to use this logic inside my function that I have written. So let me go to the accounts function to this method, first, I need to make sure I am injecting the dependency of IAccountService. So let me mention the parameter here. The parameter is going to be the IAccountService and since we are going to mention @Bean on top of this function, whatever input parameter that we define to this method, it is going to be automatically injected or autowired by the spring framework. at runtime. We don't need to mention any @Autowired annotation. Now the next step is going to be super simple. After the lock statement, I'm just going to invoke the new method that we have created, which is update updateCommunicationStatus. So I'm assuming this is clear to you. We have created a function which is responsible to accept the message that we are going to receive from the message microservice and the input data type is going to be the long inside that message. We are going to have the account number using the same account number, we are trying to update the communication status inside the database. So let me save these changes. As a next step, we need to define some properties inside the application.yml of AccountsMicroservice. Here we need to define some properties related to our function definition. So I'll just mention a new property at the same position where I can have the spring cloud as a parent. So here I'm trying to mention spring.cloud.function and definition. The definition is going to be your function name, which is updateCommunication. If you go and check your accounts functions, the function name we have here is updateCommunication. The same we need to use inside the application.yml file. So the same we have used here. Since we have only a single function, we need to mention the same single function and we don't have any requirements to compose multiple functions. That's why I'm just leaving by mentioning a single function name. What if we have a requirement where you want to define multiple independent function definitions. In such scenarios, you can separate all your function definitions with a semicolon value. Post the semicolon you can try to mention one more definition. So both these two function definitions, they are going to work independently. So let me roll back this change. Once you have defined the function details with the spring.cloud.function definition, the spring cloud stream project, it is automatically generate the input bindings and output bindings based upon the function name that you have. So the function name that we have here is updateCommunication. So using these function name, we need to create a new binding. The binding name format that we need to follow is what is your function name? And in-0 because using input binding, we can always read the message from a queue value. So after these input binding we need to mention destination. The destination value is going to be communication-sent. So this is the queue name where my accounts microservice is always going to look for an message after the destination. We need to mention the group value also so that the queue name is not going to have a randomly generated suffix value. So let me save these changes. With these changes we should be good if you try to see the process inside message application.yml. First, we have defined the output binding with the help of this output binding, the message is going to be always sent to this destination which is communication-send. So this is going to be your exchange name. So how the message will come to this exchange, the return type of this sms function. As soon as this communication-sent exchange receives the message, it is going to forward the request to the queue that we have configured. So please make sure the destination is same here, like we have mentioned inside the application.yml as well. So you can see the destination here is same. That's how the spring cloud stream is going to establish the link between the two different microservices and the format of your queue name is going to be your destination dot . what is your group name? I hope this is all clear to you. In the next lecture, let's try to see the demo of this changes. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.