Inside this lecture, let's see the complete demo of asynchronous communication between accounts and message microservice with the help of Rabbitmq. For the same behind the scenes, I have restarted my accounts message and GatewayserverApplications. As a next step, please make sure you are also restarting these applications because we have made the good amount of changes inside accounts and messages microservice. Whenever we restart accounts microservice, we should also restart the dependent microservice, which is GatewayserverApplication. Now let me go to the Rabbitmq console. Here I will go to the exchanges and this time you should be able to see two exchanges. One is send communication and the other one is communication sent. Please ignore these exchange which is emailsms-out-zero. This is an orphan exchange that was created previously because previously we didn't define any destination for these output binding. That's why Spring Cloud stream project it tried to create an output stream binding and the same is present here. If you try to start a fresh container of your rabbitmq, you're not going to see this orphan exchange. Now let me go to the queues and streams here inside this queues you can see there are two queues. The very new queue that we have created is communication-sent.accounts. So this is the queue where my accounts microservice will keep looking for message from message microservice. So let's go to the postman and try to test this entire flow. Here first, I'll try to get a new access token. Once I receive the access token, I'm going to use the same and I'm going to create a new account with the mobile number that is ending with six, eight, seven. So let me click on the send button. You can see I got a successful response, which is 201 account created successful. I received the response within one second, but the breakpoint that I have put inside my message microservice is stopped. That means the communication to the end user is not completed. Now if you try to go and check the table available inside the H2 console against the port number 8080, which is our accounts microservice here, you should be able to see a new column under accounts. So let me run the same. You can see the communication switch as of it is null. As soon as I try to release this breakpoint, the communication will be sent to the end user and my message microservice is also going to stream an event or message to my accounts microservice to update the status inside the accounts table. So let me release this. Now I'll go to the H2 console and try to run this command again. This time you can see the communication switch right now we are able to see the value true. This means the entire flow is working asynchronously with the help of Rabbitmq. In the same process, we also set up event streaming microservices inside our EasyBank microservice network. This way, whenever possible, we need to make sure we are leveraging the event streaming capabilities inside our microservices. This will reduce the temporal coupling between our microservices. I hope you are clear with all the steps that we have followed for your reference, I also mentioned all the steps that we have followed inside these slides, which you can always refer whenever you want to quickly refresh all the steps that we have discussed. As a next step, we need to test these changes inside Docker network as well. By the time I come to the next lecture, I'm going to generate the Docker images that are specific to this section and post that, I'm also going to push them into the Docker hub and update the Docker compose file as well. Using the same Docker compose file, we can try to start all our containers and test this scenario end to end. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.