To test the changes related to the event driven microservices and rabbitmq inside the Docker environment. I have created the Docker images with the tag name S13 behind the scenes. Like you can see these are all the s13 related images. Right now inside this section we have created a new microservice with the name message. That's why you are able to see total seven Docker images. The same Docker images, I also pushed them into the Docker hub. Like you can see here, all the images are pushed just now in case if you want to leverage my Docker images, feel free to use them by using the appropriate tag name based upon the scenario that you are trying to test. After generating the Docker images, I also updated the Docker compose file behind the scenes. Let me walk you through the changes that I have done. So here I'm going to open any of the Docker compose file available, so I'm trying to open the file available inside the prod profile. You can also get these Yaml files from the GitHub repo. If you see here inside these docker compose yaml file. First, I have created a rabbitmq related service with the service name Rabbit. Inside this you already know all these configurations like what is the image name and what is the host name at which the rabbitmq is going to start? And these are the port mappings. These are the health check details. And at last I'm trying to tag these rabbit service to the same network where the other microservices are also going to start. After adding these rabbitmq related service I went to the all the individual microservices like config server, Eureka server accounts, loans, cards and gateway server. In all these microservice related configurations, I change the tag name from s12 to s13. After this change, I made the changes inside accounts microservice. The changes are like adding these dependson details because right now my accounts microservice is going to depend on rabbit service. So that's why I'm trying to convey these depends upon information and under the environment variable, I have created a new environment property with the name Spring Rabbitmq host and here we need to make sure we are mentioning the service name that we have defined at the top of this file. Using these service name only, the communication between the accounts and Rabbitmq is going to happen, whereas other properties like Rabbitmq username, password, port number, I left them with the default values that we have defined inside the application.yml file. Now at last, if you go to the end of this file you will be able to see a new service with the name message. And this is also going to depend on rabbit. And here also I have defined a new environment variable with the name Spring Rabbitmq host and the value is a service name which is rabbit. And this service also, we are trying to start inside the same network where other microservices are also going to start. Now, as a next step, we can try to start all these containers with the help of Docker compose file. Before I try to do that, let me try to stop all the running instances inside my local system, along with the running containers that I have inside the Docker desktop. Inside the Docker desktop under containers, you should be able to see two containers running. One is related to keycloak. Let me stop this and the other one related to the Rabbitmq. So this one also, I'm trying to stop it. As a next step, I'm going to start all my containers with the Docker compose command. As of now, you can see inside my terminal I'm at the location where my Docker compose file present inside the prod profile. So let me try to run the command which is Docker compose up -d. This will start all my containers. For some reason, If your laptop is not cooperating to start all these containers, please remove any unnecessary containers or configurations related to the grafana related services. Since we are done with that discussion, you can safely remove them so that the remaining containers which you are trying to focus inside this section will get started successfully. So this is going to take two minutes time inside my local system. So let me wait for this to complete. After two minutes, all my containers started successfully. Now let me go to the browser. Inside the browser, first, I'm going to show you the Rabbitmq console. So the username I'm going to use here is, guest and the password also is going to be guest. This time this is a brand new container related to Rabbitmq, so we should be able to see the correct exchanges so they will not be any orphan exchanges. So there are two exchanges, communication-sent and send-communication. Similarly, if you go to the queues, there will be two queues like we have defined inside our applications. Now let me go to the keycloak. Inside the keycloak since it is a brand new container. There won't be any client details or role details configured. So to test my scenario, I need to create a client that supports client credentials grant flow. For the same, I'm going to click on this create client and give the client ID as EazyBankCallCenter-cc . I'll click on next and post that I'll enable client authentication and disable the standard flow direct access grants and enable these service account roles and click on this next save and post that I'm going to take these credentials and mention the same Inside my Postman. As a next step, I should also assign a accounts related roles to this client. For the same, let me create the role which is accounts. I'm not going to create other roles like cards and loans, since we are not going to test them. Now my accounts role is created, let me go to the clients. Click on this new client that we have created. I'll go to service account roles and click on this assign role and try to assign these accounts role with this, now, my keycloak should give an valid access token. So inside my postman first I will try to click on this Get access token. You can see the authentication is complete. I'm going to use the new access token that I have received. As a next step, let me try to create an account and you can see the mobile number is ending with a value six, eight, seven. I'm trying to send this request. As soon as I click on the send button, you can see I got a successful response. Now let me go to the console of accounts and message microservice and show you what happened inside the console. I cannot really show you the H2 console because we didn't expose the accounts microservice to the outside of the Docker network. And with that reason I cannot access the H2 console. So inside my Docker containers first I'll go to the message microservice and here you can see we have two loggers, which is sending email with the details and sending sms with the details. As a next step, let me go to the accounts microservice logs. Here I have my accounts microservice container. Let me click on that and I'll go to the logs and you'll be able to see multiple logs. The very first log is sending communication requests to the details and post that we have an log, which is the communication request successfully triggered, which is true. And at last we also have a logger which is updating communication status for so and so account number. With this, the changes related to rabbitmq that we have done inside our microservices to make them event driven microservices or working perfectly inside the docker network as well. I also want to confirm you that all the code that we have discussed inside this section, I have checked in inside the GitHub repo with the folder name section_13. You can see I have also mentioned the comment saying that event driven microservices using rabbitmq spring cloud functions and stream. I hope you are super, super clear with all the discussions that we have done inside this section, but let me remind you that we are not completely done discussing about the challenge related to event driven microservices. Inside the next section, let me try to explain you how to use Kafka to implement event driven microservices inside your microservices. Thank you and I will see you in the next section. Bye.