Hooray. Finally, you completed this entire course on microservices. A big congratulations from my side. You are now a master of microservices. You know how to build microservices using Spring, Spring Boot, Docker and Kubernetes. You're also one of the few developers who know how to build microservices by following all the best practices. You know how to build your own discovery server. You know how to build your own edge server. You know how to secure your microservices, you know how to build event driven microservices. So there are many things that we have discussed throughout this course, and you have been a very good listener and with a great patience, you have completed this entire course. I really want to appreciate you for your patience in completing this course. Now, I'm very confident that you can clear any microservices interview and you are ready to play and microservice developer role in any project or any any organization who are trying to build microservices. Please treat this course as your initial stepping stone towards your microservices journey. With the knowledge that you have gained inside this course, please go and explore the microservice world. Please educate others as well around the microservices. Before you signing off from the course, I have few requests. The very first request is if you have not provided your valuable feedback to the course yet, please take a minute and provide your valuable and detailed constructive feedback to the course in the Udemy. Your review is going to help the course to reach all the potential students who are trying to learn microservices. If you want to personally appreciate me or if you want to share a personal feedback with me, please feel free to send a message to me in Udemy or you can send me a message inside LinkedIn. So regardless of whatever channel you are comfortable, please share your valuable feedback to me. And the next request that I have is please visit my website easybytes.com. And there are many other courses from me. If you are interested in any of the courses, please do enroll into them as well. With this, I'm signing off from this course with a small pride that I'm able to help you in your microservice journey. I want to convey my sincere thank you from my heart for giving me this opportunity. I'm hoping for our paths to cross again in future. Thank you and wish you all the best. Bye.