- So how could we now update this expenses array whenever
a new expense is being added? Well for this, we need to go to App.js because that is where we
have this expenses array. There, we also have this
addExpenseHandler function There, we also have this
addExpenseHandler function which we added in the last course section which has triggered whenever
a new expenses added. which has triggered whenever
a new expenses added. And we even received the
expense as a parameter here. And we even received the
expense as a parameter here. So all we got to do is we
have to add this expense to this expenses array. But of course, if we just edit like this nothing would happen
because you already learned that just because you
change some variable, React won't update the component. React won't update the component. Instead to achieve that,
you need to use state. Instead to achieve that,
you need to use state. And therefore here in App.js, where we manage our expenses, we now wanna import useState from React so that we can register some state here. so that we can register some state here. And I will actually grab this array here, this constant and extract that out of this component function
and instead store it here and name it Initial Expenses and name it Initial Expenses or Dummy Expenses since that's what it is. or Dummy Expenses since that's what it is. So that this actually
is just some dummy data which we can use to
initialize our state with. which we can use to
initialize our state with. But then inside of the
app component function we call useState and I'll
pass my dummy expenses we call useState and I'll
pass my dummy expenses so this array full of dummy data as an initial state value as an initial state value so that we have some
initial expenses to display. so that we have some
initial expenses to display. But then here, we can
again use de-structuring as I showed it to you in the last section to get access to our expenses and to the set expenses
state updating function. And now that we got this
here in the addExpenseHandler where we wanna add a new expense, we can call setExpenses
to set our expenses array to a new array which
includes this new expense. So how should we update this? Well, we could pass a new array here and then let's say we
wanna add the new expense as the first item in the array. For that we could add the
expense which we're getting here as an item to this array and then use as an item to this array and then use the spread operator on
the existing expenses to pull out all the
existing array elements and populate the rest of this new array with those existing elements. with those existing elements. We can use the spread
operator not just on objects but also on arrays. And again, that's not a React feature. That's a standard JavaScript feature. However, if we would
update the state like this it would not really be correct, as you learned in the last core section. as you learned in the last core section. Instead, if you update your state depending on the previous state or to previous snapshot of this state, you should use this special function form for this state updating function. for this state updating function. So it would be passed
a function as argument to this state updating function and that function will
automatically receive the latest state snapshot. the latest state snapshot. So here we would then
get our previous expenses automatically by React. automatically by React. And we would return our new array where we add this expense
which we're getting as a parameter here and where we then add as a parameter here and where we then add our previous expenses
with that spread operator. And that's the clean way
of updating our state when it's based on an older
snapshot of that same state. Now with that, we add our new expense. And now since we're using
our expenses state here to pass it to expenses, to pass it to expenses, we should automatically
have a dynamic list which automatically updates
when items are added. which automatically updates
when items are added. So if we now add a book for
$29.99 and pick some date here, we see that being added
here as a first item. we see that being added
here as a first item. So this is working and now
this is a truly dynamic list by using state and by
outputting these items with this map method. with this map method. And that's how you output
lists of data dynamically with React. Now let's have a look at this key warning and what that is all about.