- [Narrator] So why are we
getting this key warning? After all it looks like everything works. Well React has a special
concept when it comes to rendering lists of data a concept which exists
to ensure that React is able to update and render
such lists efficiently without performance losses,
or bugs, which may occur. without performance losses,
or bugs, which may occur. And I wanna show you which problem we have with the current implementation. If you have a look at your Developer Tools and you go to the Elements tab, there, you can inspect your your list here, which
is this list of div's. your list here, which
is this list of div's. We could change this to
a list with list items but for the moment, I'll
stick to these div's here. And if we now have a
look at this list here And if we now have a
look at this list here then you should watch the part here on the right in Developer Tools as I add a new item, as I add a new item, A book 2, for example, for 39.99 if I add dat, watch these div's on the right. Did you see what happened? This last item flashed. And if our item flashes here, it means And if our item flashes here, it means that it was edited or added by the browser. or added by the browser. Now it's strange that
the last item flashed because actually the new item was added as the first item, the
top most item in this list to understand what's going on. Let me expand this first item, A book 2, which I just added. And let me add a third item here, like this. Let's add this and click Add Expense and you see this also flashed if not rewind and go
back a couple of seconds. And you'll see that this h2 tag of the first item, also flashed when I added this new item. So what actually happens
here when I add a new item is that React, renders this new item as the last item in this list of div's and updates all items and
replace their content, such that it again matches the order of
the items in my Array. matches the order of
the items in my Array. And this is not great. And this is not great. This is happening because to React all
these items look similar and it only sees that my Array changed that it's now longer than before. that it's now longer than before. And hence it simply
renders an additional div and it adds that at the end. and it adds that at the end. And then it simply walks
through all the items and updates the content
inside of every item to match the Array content again. The final result,
therefore is correct here but from a performance
perspective this is not great because all items are visited and updated and it can even lead to bugs. If the expense items
would be state full items and we would have some state
managed inside of that. and we would have some state
managed inside of that. Then if, for example, our first item, if it has a certain state
if we add a new item the old first item would be overwritten with the new first item. with the new first item. Hence any state changes
we might've had in there would be lost. So besides potential performance issues we could also run into bugs. So that is a problem. And the question therefore is, why does React, behave like this? The answer is because it has no other way. The answer is because it has no other way. It currently simply checks the length of the Array and then has a look at the number of items
that were already rendered. The individual items all
look similar to React though so it can't know where a
new item should be added or anything like that. That's why we get this
warning because we have a way of telling react where a
new item it should be added. of telling react where a
new item it should be added. And we do that by going to the place where we output our list of items. where we output our list of items. So does map method here and we then add a special
prop to this item here. and we then add a special
prop to this item here. And that's the key prop. And that's the key prop. This is not a prop we are
using instead of expense item but instead it's a prop you
can add to any component but instead it's a prop you
can add to any component no matter if it's a
custom component by you or if it's a built in HTML
element, you can always add this. or if it's a built in HTML
element, you can always add this. And if you do add it, if you add the key to your component or HTML element, then you can help React identify the individual items. help React identify the individual items. For dat you need to set a unique value per list item and dat, for example in this case here would be the expense ID because in our expenses Array, every item has a unique ID. And if you wonder what you
do, if you have no unique ID then you could use the second
argument which you get here for the function you pass to map which is an automatically managed index though it's discouraged to
use that since with that you can still run into
bugs because the index for a given item is always the same and not directly attached
to the content of the item. and not directly attached
to the content of the item. For the ID that's different every item with a certain
content has a clear unique ID. every item with a certain
content has a clear unique ID. And in reality, it turns out that in most scenarios you
do have some unique ID because typically you are
rendering some data which comes from a database or anything like that. And there you work with
unique IDs anyways. So finding some unique
identifier is no problem So finding some unique
identifier is no problem and you can use any primitive
value as a unique identifier any number or String that
can be unique identifiers. any number or String that
can be unique identifiers. So here I add this key, pointing at expense ID. And once we do that, if we reload we no longer get that warning. And if I now inspect my, my list here again and I inspect the, the title
of the currently first item and I inspect the, the title
of the currently first item if I now add a new item again, like this book you will see that this h2
tag did now not flash instead this div flashed and this
div was also now added at the beginning of the list correctly. This div here, I mean,
as it should be, because now React is able to uniquely
identify all these items now React is able to uniquely
identify all these items and it's therefore aware, not
just how long the Array is but also aware which
items should be placed. And it's able to update this
list more efficient way. So long story short. You should always add such a key when mapping out lists of items. when mapping out lists of items. And I hope I could
explain why that matters. You don't need to know why
it's enough if you add it. But I think it's always important that you also do
understand what's going on behind the scenes and why
you're doing something.