- [Instructor] So our
filter is now working, but we can actually select
values where we have no data. but we can actually select
values where we have no data. And we might wanna show
an appropriate message in such cases, and that leads us to the
second part of this module, conditional content,
which is also important. Conditional content is about
rendering different output under different conditions. under different conditions. So I'm not talking about lists, but about rendering either A
or B or C, whatever you need. And that's something I wanna do here, in Expenses.js, we render
our list of expense items, but if our filtered expenses,
array turns out to be empty, we render nothing. Now, we might wanna instead render a message telling the
user that we have no items render a message telling the
user that we have no items for the chosen filter. for the chosen filter. And for that, we wanna
render content conditionally. And for that, we wanna
render content conditionally. How can we do that? Well, we can again add a
dynamic expression here in our JSX code and simply
use a condition here. in our JSX code and simply
use a condition here. I'm not talking about an if condition because long statements like this, the same is true for four loops are actually not allowed here
between these curly braces, are actually not allowed here
between these curly braces, but we can use a ternary expression here. but we can use a ternary expression here. And we could check if our
filtered expenses length is equal to zero, is equal to zero, which means we have no items in that filtered expenses array. And if that's the case,
after a question mark, which is the default JavaScript
ternary expression syntax which is the default JavaScript
ternary expression syntax we render a simple message and a paragraph where we say, no expenses found. Otherwise after the
colon, we render our list. Otherwise after the
colon, we render our list. So we grab this year, cut it and removed as empty
pair of curly braces now, and removed as empty
pair of curly braces now, and we render this mapping
expression in the else case. And again, that's the default JavaScript
ternary expression syntax, that's the default JavaScript
ternary expression syntax, condition, question mark
then what we wanna do if the condition is met,
colon for the else case, if the condition is met,
colon for the else case, what we wanna do, if it's not met. And if you save this, you see, I got no expenses found here for 2022, but for 2020, I do have my expense. but for 2020, I do have my expense. Of course, that's a bit hard to read, we can fine-tune this in a second, but that's how we can render
content conditionally. Of course, long ternary
expressions like this can be a bit hard to read though. So we can also fine-tune
this or restructure this and reuse this condition, but then abuse a little
trick in JavaScript. but then abuse a little
trick in JavaScript. We can add the end operator
and then use the content, the JSX content we wanna render
if this condition is met, the JSX content we wanna render
if this condition is met, JavaScript works such that
if you use the end operator, JavaScript works such that
if you use the end operator, it basically will return the
part after the end operator, as a result of this overall check here, if the first condition is met. if the first condition is met. So if this first condition is met, it moves on to the part
after the end operator and it then returns, that value. And that's what we're abusing here. And that's what we're abusing here. And abusing sounds like a bad thing, this is actually something
which is fine to use, you'll see it in a lot of React projects. And it simply allows you to
write shorter expressions, because now we can do the
same here for our alternative. There we wanna check if we
got more than zero items, and then we use && to
output our list here. So now I basically split
that long ternary expression into two stand-alone expressions, which check different conditions, which check different conditions, using this & trick here, where the part after & is rendered if the part before & returns true. if the part before & returns true. And with that, we got the
same behavior as before, as you can tell. But even that might be too
much logic in the JSX code. So we also got a totally
alternative way of handling this. So we also got a totally
alternative way of handling this. We can add a variable, maybe name it, expensesContent,
but the name is up to you. And we assign a default value here. And the default value could be our message that no content was found. that no content was found. And we can store JSX content
like this in variables. And we can store JSX content
like this in variables. We can return it and we can
also use it anywhere else, where we work with values. where we work with values. So we can store JSX
content in the variables, as I'm doing it here,
this is absolutely fine. as I'm doing it here,
this is absolutely fine. You are not limited to using
JSX only if you return, you can also use it to create a value, which is stored in a variable. which is stored in a variable. Now, why am I doing that though? Because now we can edit if check here, before we return and we can check if
filtered expenses length is greater than zero, is greater than zero, so if we do have filtered expenses. so if we do have filtered expenses. And if that's the case, I wanna overwrite expensesContent. So I will change the
value of this variable So I will change the
value of this variable and I will set this then to the result of this map call here like this. So this list of expense items, that's my value stored in expensesContent if we got a length greater than zero. And then down there in
our returned, JSX code, we can get rid of all that logic. And we just add a simple
dynamic expression where we point at expensesContent. So add this variable. And this variable holds
either this JSX code or this array of JSX elements. or this array of JSX elements. Both is a renderable and
therefore both can be used here. Both is a renderable and
therefore both can be used here. And now we get a lean JSX
snippet which we return, and we've got our logic in
the component function itself. And we could argue that
this is more readable. And again, if you save that,
it works just as before. And again, if you save that,
it works just as before. And it's up to you, which
approach you prefer. It also depends on the
length of the conditions and the content which is
rendered under different cases. But ultimately this is
probably the cleanest way, but again, it is up to
you what you prefer. I want to show you all options so that you can go with the way which you personally lik the most. I will go with this approach because I'm a fan of having
a lean JSX snippet here.