- [Instructor] So, this expense
tracker has taken some shape and it's basically finished from the core functionality at least from the core functionality at least we got all the core features implemented. We can add expenses, we
can filter our expenses. But if you remember the original state which I showed you a couple of hours ago then there is one crucial
element and feature which is missing. which is missing. The chart where we can actually see a graphical representation
of our expenses per month. And that is therefore what
we're now going to dive into to then conclude this module
and this first course project. to then conclude this module
and this first course project. Now, for this chart I will start by adding
a new components folder which I'll name Chart because it will hold all the components that
are related to the chart all the components that
are related to the chart and I will split up the chart
into two main components. For one that's the chart
itself, the chart component which we can add to our application which we can add to our application but then inside of the
chart we have all these bars and I will actually create a
separate component for those. The chart bar component. The chart bar component. So, we'll have these two components and we're also going to have some styles so, I'll already add a Chart.css
and a ChartBar.css file and you find these two files attached. So, as always you can
copy and paste the styles you find in there or simply use these attached
CSS files right away. And then let's start with the Chart.js file
with the chart itself. with the Chart.js file
with the chart itself. There I will import react from react even though that's technically not required in this set up
but still and then I'll create not required in this set up
but still and then I'll create my chart functional
component here, like this. So, this component function, I should say and export this, like that. and export this, like that. And now with that in the chart we of course wanna render
all these chart bars. we of course wanna render
all these chart bars. And the question is now
how we wanna do that. And the question is now
how we wanna do that. How we wanna structure the
JSX code in this component and how that all should work. Well, eventually we're going to import the chart bar component the chart bar component at the moment it's of course empty but we're soon going
to add something there and hence I can already add this import and hence I can already add this import and I then wanna in the
end return some JSX code where we have all these chart bars. where we have all these chart bars. So, maybe we, first of all set up a div with a class name of chart to apply that styling. to apply that styling. And for that we then also import oops! import Chart.css like this oops! import Chart.css like this oops! not chart bar but
Chart.css to applied styles. But instead of the div
we now wanna have the bars But instead of the div
we now wanna have the bars and we could simply render
12 individual chart bars for the 12 months which we have. But I will actually create a
bit of a more flexible chart which is actually not
necessarily restricted to months and to 12 data points. Instead, we could say that when the chart component
is being used somewhere in our application, we wanna
receive the data points that should be plotted as props. that should be plotted as props. So, that the chart component
is fairly configurable and the components that
use the chart component can decide how many data points with which values should be rendered. And therefore, I actually will output the chart bars dynamically
by going through an array of data points and mapping every data
point to a chart bar. and mapping every data
point to a chart bar. And that's of course, basically
what we already learned in this module how we output
lists of contents dynamically and that's all why I'm doing it here so that we again practice this. So, on props we could
expect a data points prop of course, that name is up to
you since it's your component but I expect the data points prop but I expect the data points prop and I expect that to hold
a value which is an array. Hence, we can call map on that and then we map every single data point into a chart bar component. into a chart bar component. into a chart bar component. So, that we create as
many chart bar components as we have data points. And then of course we wanna pass some data into the chart bar to control
how it will be rendered. So, which value will be rendered there. So, which value will be rendered there. And for that we of course
wanna extract some data from the incoming data points. from the incoming data points. Now, up to this point we're never using the chart component. So, we as the creator of this component can define which kind of data we expect to extract there in the future. we expect to extract there in the future. And for example, we could say that the chart bar component
should receive a value prop and there we wanna pass
data point dot value. Of course, that will require
that in the chart bar we then read this prop and that when we define
the data points later that every data point
has a value property. that every data point
has a value property. So, that data point is an object
which has a value property. That's what we're basically defining now since that is how we wanna
use that chart component and the chart bar component in there. Now, I also wanna make sure that every chart bar plots the value in relation to the maximum
value in the entire chart. And therefore, I also wanna
pass in a max value property and that is currently null, let's say that's not data which we
extract from the data point that's not data which we
extract from the data point because that is a unique value which is the same for all
chart bars in a given chart. So, we will need to derive this max value and we'll do this in a second. For the moment, I'll set this to null but that's just a temporary value. We probably also wanna have a label though for example, in this case to have a label of January, February,
March, April and so on. And therefore I'll add a label prop and pass in dataPoint.label, like that. And since we're mapping this since we're outputting a list
here we also should add a key because you learned that
this special key prop helps react render these
list items efficiently. And therefore I do expect
that every data point also has a unique ID or maybe
we actually use the label also has a unique ID or maybe
we actually use the label so that we say that the
label should be unique every chart bar has its own unique label and therefore we can also use the label as a unique identifier for
this special key prop here. That looks good to me. Now, of course, we wanna continue working on the chart bar to bring that to life.