- [Instructor] Now, to build
the chart bar component we again wanna import
react from react in there and then import the CSS file, of course. So, that we have two styles available. And then we can define our
component function chart bar and set this equal to props and then simply return our JSX code here and then simply return our JSX code here and we will definitely need props because we are already
defining some props here in the chart component. Of course, we also wanna export chart bar as a default here. Now, for this JSX code in
the chart bar which we return I want to have a div
here with a class name of chart dash bar of chart dash bar since that's one of the CSS
styles defined in the CSS file and in there then another nested div with a class name of chart bar
underscore, underscore inner. with a class name of chart bar
underscore, underscore inner. And this divs and CSS
classes are simply required to make the provided styles work. Now, in there I will add yet another div with a class name of chart dash bar
underscore, underscore fill of chart dash bar
underscore, underscore fill and then next to that div
so not nested but next to it I'll add another div with a class name of chart dash bar
underscore, underscore label. And actually that should
not be in the inner div but side by side to the inner div so, that this is the
structure we have here. A bunch of divs which
will then be responsible for rendering this chart correctly. However, like this we wouldn't see much. For one, I of course
wanna output the label which we receive on the label prop. which we receive on the label prop. And that's why I added this div there we can dynamically output prop store label so that the label is visible. But we also will need to change
this chart bar fill div here this div is required to basically remember by how much this chart bar will be filled. by how much this chart bar will be filled. And this chart bar fill CSS class will for example define the
background color for that. But one important piece of information is missing in the CSS class. And that will be the height
of this filled chart bar. And that will be the height
of this filled chart bar. The overall chart bar
has a predefined height 100% of the parent
container which is the chart which has a height of 10rem. But of course, by how
much we fill that bar depends on the data we're receiving. depends on the data we're receiving. So, it's depends on the value So, it's depends on the value because we wanna basically
fill our chart bar by putting the value in
relation with the max value. by putting the value in
relation with the max value. So, that if the max value
for the entire chart is 100 and the value for a given chart bar is 50 we fill that chart bar by 50%. And therefore in the chart bar component we now need to calculate by how much this specific
chart bar instance should be filled. For this we can add a
variable, which we could name bar fill height but the name is up to you. bar fill height but the name is up to you. And initially I'll set
this to 0% as a text because this will be assigned
as a CSS style in a second. because this will be assigned
as a CSS style in a second. So, it's 0% like this
but then I wanna check if we got a max value greater than zero so, at four given data points we do have a max value greater than zero. we do have a max value greater than zero. We could have zero later
if we filter for a month that has no expenses. that has no expenses. So, we wanna check if
we do have a max value greater than zero. greater than zero. And if that's the case, I
wanna set bar fill height equal to math round and
then in nested brackets equal to math round and
then in nested brackets props value divided by props max value times 100. This will basically give us the percentage between zero and 100 by which
this bar should be filled. between zero and 100 by which
this bar should be filled. And I'm rounding to the
nearest integer here. And I'm rounding to the
nearest integer here. And we also wanna convert this to a string with the percentage sign at the end so I will add plus
percentage here, like this. And now we wanna set this as the height as the CSS style height for this div with the chart bar fill class name. with the chart bar fill class name. And to achieve this we're
going to do something which we haven't done
thus far in this course. We're going to set the style
of an element dynamically We're going to set the style
of an element dynamically and that can be done by
adding the style prop here which is of course a default
HTML attribute as well which is of course a default
HTML attribute as well but actually that style
prop, that style attribute works a little bit differently when building a react application. The value is set here should be dynamic because it should be our
derived fill height here because it should be our
derived fill height here and indeed you then don't
generate a dynamic string where you set something like
height 10% but instead style and that's the special
thing once an object. So, here we don't have a special
double curly brace syntax but instead we have to
single a curly braces for outputting something dynamically but then the dynamic value
is a JavaScript object which has also created with curly braces. which has also created with curly braces. That's why we overall have
the double curly braces but it's no special style syntax. The only special thing here is that style wants a JavaScript object as a value. wants a JavaScript object as a value. And then this object you should then use the CSS property names as key names as properties
and the values as well values. So, for example, here we can
then set background color to a given value or in our case we can set height to bar fill height. Now, as a side note, if you have something like background color with a dash you need the quotes
around the property name because otherwise it would
be an invalid property name or better you use the camel
case version of that name background, color like this. background, color like this. We don't need the background color here but I want to show this to you. I will come back to this
later as well in the course but that is how you would
target such CSS property names which have a dash inside of them if you are setting the
style prop on an element. But here we don't even need
that, so I will get rid of it we only need to set the height. And with that, we also finished
the chart bar component. Now, we just need to use the chart and pass in the data points.