In the previous lectures, we had a very good discussion about what is microservice and how they are different from monolithic and SOA architecture. Now you agree that microservices are good and we have many advantages with it. The very next question that you may have here is how we can build a microservices inside any project. Because at the end of the day, some great developer has to develop these microservices by using backend language like Java. In this entire course, I'm going to present multiple challenges that we are going to face while we try to build microservices. So first I'll try to introduce what is the challenge that we are going to face and post that I'm going to show you what is the best solution or best standard that you can follow to overcome that challenge that you may face while building the microservice. So here inside this lecture, I am introducing the very first challenge, which is how we can build a microservice houses, because inside traditional web applications, for example, inside any monolithic web application, we develop all our code with the help of Java classes methods and we package it as a WAR or EAR file, post that using the same package to file, we can deploy into a web server like Tomcat or any other application servers, and this is going to be a super, super time consuming process. First, you need to develop the web application. You need to package your application, you need to deploy into your web server. So since this is a time consuming process, do you think this is going to work for building microservices? Off course not, because inside real time projects, bigger organizations, they may build hundreds or even thousands of microservices building, packaging and deploying. All these microservices using traditional methods is going to be extremely challenging and it is going to be practically impossible task. So do you know how to overcome this challenge? I'm going to give five seconds and please try to guess the solution for this challenge. One, two, three, four, five. Let me show you the best solution that we can use to overcome this challenge. Like you can see here, the solution is spring boot framework. With the help of spring boot framework, we are going to overcome all these challenges. Don't worry, I'm going to give you a good introduction about what is Spring boot and how it is going to solve this challenge one that we are going to face while building microservices throughout this course I'm going to use this spring boot framework to build our microservices. So I'm going to do my best to explain all the concepts that we are going to use. But if you are new to the spring framework and if you're not aware of the basics of spring framework, like what is a bean, what is autowiring, then I would recommend you taking a course focusing on spring framework. First, be very clear with the basics of spring framework. Once you are clear with the basics, you can happily continue with this course. I also have a Udemy course focusing on the spring framework where I will try to teach everything about Spring framework, Spring boot, how to build rest services. What is Spring AOP, Spring MVC, Spring Security, Spring Data JPA. So all these concepts I'm going to discuss in this detailed course. So if you are interested, please enroll into this same. Once you are clear with the spring framework, then only please continue with the course of microservices. But if you are already clear with the basics of spring framework and Spring boot, then you are good to continue with the course. Please don't think that I'm trying to market my course here. It is absolutely fine even if you take some other spring course. But I'm just trying to convey that first you need to be very clear with the basics of spring framework in order to build a microservices. I hope you are clear from the next lecture. Let's try to jump into the world of Spring Boot. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.