In the previous lecture we discussed about the challenge, one that we may face while we are trying to build microservice. And in the same lecture I have told that Springboot framework is a best framework to build Java based microservices. So here you may have a question like what is Springboot framework? Why it is the best framework to build Java based microservice? So let me try to answer the same question inside this lecture. Springboot is a framework that built based upon the spring framework. With the help of Spring Boot, we can develop and deploy Java based web applications, including microservices, very easily. It is going to improve the productivity of the developer. It is also going to make the life of developer and platform team and operations team very easy with all the features that it is going to support. And with the help of this spring boot framework, we can build self-contained and executable jar files instead of traditional war or  ear files. Which means you as a developer just focus on your business logic and the framework is going to take care of starting your application and packaging your application and deploying your application into an embedded tomcat server or into an embedded web server. So whatever jars that we are going to generate with the help of this spring boot applications, these are self-contained, which means they're going to have all the dependencies that they require to run the microservices. So this approach eliminates the need of external web server like Tomcat or JBoss or any other application servers. And we don't have to maintain all of them manually. Apart from these major advantages. We also have other advantages with Spring boot framework. So let's try to understand one by one. The very first advantage is whenever we are using spring boot framework, it is going to provide a lot, many built in features and integrations with the help of concepts like auto configuration dependency injection, and it also supports various cloud platforms. So let me break this into simple words. Whenever we are using spring boot framework, think like you are trying to create a web application. As soon as you're trying to create a web application with Spring boot framework, it is going to make auto configurations to deploy your web application into a web server like Tomcat at a default port of 8080. So all these kind of auto configurations, it will try to do by itself by assuming some default values. If you as a developer, if you are not good with those default configurations, you can always override them with the help of properties inside the spring boot framework. Everything we are going to discuss in Spring Boot, I'm going to show you the demo of them when we are trying to build microservice with the spring boot in the coming lectures. The next advantage that we have is like we discussed whenever we are using Spring Boot framework, it provides an embedded service like Tomcat Jetty or Undertow, which you can use to run your microservices directly without the need of a separate server, installation and maintenance. After this, the next advantage that we have is this Spring boot framework supports a lot many production ready features, such as providing metrics about your web application, health monitoring and external configurations. So whenever we are trying to build web applications inside monolithic approach, we as a developer need to write lot of code to monitor our web application, to produce metrics from our web application and to configure some external configurations. Whereas with Spring Boot, everything is going to be super, super easy with the dependencies like spring boot actuator. So we are going to explore what is spring boot actuator, how it is going to expose all the metrics, health information and configuration details about our web application in the coming lectures. The next advantage that we have is we can quickly bootstrap a microservice project and start coding with range of started dependencies. In the coming lectures, I'm going to show you how quickly and easily we can create a microservice project with the help of Spring Boot. And before Spring Boot whenever a developer wants to add a dependency related to some database or some message queues or some other framework, you need to do a lot of configurations inside his project and he need to add a lot of dependencies manually. But with the help of starter projects inside Spring Boot, it is going to be super, super easy. You as a developer just tell what dependencies you have inside your web application. Suppose if I'm trying to connect to a MySQL database, I can define that and my spring boot is going to provide a starter project which will have a bundle of dependencies that will help me to connect with my MySQL database. The last advantage that we have here is, whenever we are building applications with the help of microservices. They are cloud ready, which means you can easily deploy them into any cloud platforms like Kubernetes, you can containerize your application with the help of Docker, you can easily deploy them into cloud providers like AWS, GCP, Azure. So this is the one more advantage that we have. I'm going to show you how to containerize our Spring Boot web application with the help of Docker in the coming lectures. And by the end of this course, I'm also going to show you a demo of how to deploy our microservices into a Kubernetes cluster. I hope you are clear with these advantages. Let me show you a different perspective on how Spring Boot is going to make our life easy. Like you can see here on the left hand side, we have a traditional approach which we will use whenever we are building monolithic web application back a decade when Spring Boot is not yet released. So you can see to build and deploy monolithic web applications as we need to have Java runtime environment like JVM. On top of that, we should also install our web servers like Tomcat, Jetty, Netty, inside our server or inside our laptop. Once we have these two components ready, then we need to package our applications into war or ear format and we need to deploy them manually into a server. And with the help of runtime environment like JVM, our web applications will work where an end user can use them. Whereas with spring boot framework, you can see the middle component, which is servers. We got rid of this server component because this server component right now is embedded into the jar of your web application or of your microservice, which means whenever I'm trying to use spring boot to build my microservices, it is automatically going to package my application along with the embedded server. So as a developer, I don't need to worry about all the server installations and maintaining of all these servers configurations. And this is also going to make our platform team, our operations team life very easy. These self-contained jars were also going to call them as fat jars or uber jars because they will have everything packaged, including all the dependencies, all the business logic along with the embedded server. So that's why we call them with various names like self-contained jars, fat jars or Uber jars. I hope you are clear with the introduction of the spring boot framework. If you have any questions, don't worry. While building the microservices in the coming lectures, I'm going to show you a demo of all these advantages with that, you will be super, super clear and happy on choosing the Spring boot framework to build the microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.