Inside this lecture, let me show you a few funny memes about spring boot framework. That way we are taking a small break of one minute. So are you ready for the funny memes? So this is the very first funny meme about the spring boot framework. So some Java developer who don't know about Spring Boot is trying to say the Batman, that Java development is very hard. You can see the response from Batman is he slap him and he saying go and use spring boot because spring boot framework is going to make Java developer life super, super easy. Are you ready for the next meme? So this is the next meme. So if you see we have two big frameworks sitting in the Java ecosystem. One is spring framework and the other one is spring boot framework, which built on top of spring framework. And if you try to compare with any other Java framework like Struts, EJB, Servlets, So there are many technologies and frameworks available in Java to make developer life easy. But the clear winner is spring and spring boot frameworks. Let's go to the next meme. So here you can see some experienced Java developer is saying, please see the Java world everywhere. We have Spring Boot. So whatever Java web application that you see inside any organization, there is a very, very good chance that they might be using spring boot framework. I can confidently say 90% of Java projects they use either spring or spring boot framework inside their projects. Moving on to the next meme. So here you can see some Java developer who are trying to give two options. You want to go with the spring framework or spring boot framework. Like I said before, spring framework is a very good framework, but make developer life easy and to increase the developer productivity. We have another framework built on top of spring framework, which is spring boot. That's why any Java developer loves to use spring boot framework in their day to day development. Moving on to the next meme. So someone asking Iron Man, when did you become an expert on Spring boot and rest services? So the response from him is last night. So this meme clearly conveys that learning Spring boot and building microservices are rest services with the help of Spring Boot is not a big challenge. Spending few hours, you can become a master of spring boot and you can start building web applications, rest services and microservices. You will also realize that inside this course, just by spending few hours, we are going to build a microservices. I hope you are clear. The next meme that we have here is, someone is trying to directly learn the spring boot framework. So though it is technically possible for you to learn spring boot without knowing the spring core concept, but you are going to struggle a lot in the long run. So if you are not clear about the spring and spring core concepts like what is dependency injection, inversion of control, autowiring, how to create beans, What is spring MVC? I would request you to first learn the basics of the spring framework, then only try to master the spring boot framework. That is the ideal path and having the foundation basics strong always will help you to debug any issues that you are going to face inside your real time projects. And the next image is not a funny image. It's just an image indicating the power of spring boot framework. Like you can see by looking at the iceberg, we always look at the tip of the iceberg from outside, but below we never know how strong it is and what are the other factors and dependencies making that iceberg very strong. So if you see here, spring boot is always tip of the iceberg, but there are many other dependencies and components and frameworks and technologies that you need to learn as a Java software engineer. So with the help of Spring Boot, Spring security, Docker, microservices, a cloud environment like AWS, persistent framework like JPA, Hibernate and message queues like Rabbitmq, Kafka. So with all these technologies, you are going to become a complete Java developer and Spring Boot has the integration with all these components that you are seeing on the screen. I hope you are clear and you have some fun break in between these course. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.