When I say that we need to build microservices with the help of input framework behind the scenes, we need to build the REST services. Because at the end of the day, what is a microservice? It is a service that exposes its business logic to other APIs or to external UI application with the help of Rest API. Using REST services, we can establish synchronous communication between multiple APIs or multiple services or multiple web applications. Synchronous communication means when a request comes from an external application to my microservice, the external application is going to wait for my response so that it can proceed to the next request. Off course, synchronous communication is not the only option that we have to build microservices, so this is the mostly commonly used approach in the coming sections of the course. I'm going to show you how to build asynchronous micro services by taking message queues and Kafka as an example. For now, let's try to focus on building REST services. Let me try to introduce the definition of what is REST service. Formally REST service works based upon Http protocol compared to soap based web services. REST services are very lightweight in nature because they can work with the help of lightweight data format, which is Json. That's why REST is the most commonly encountered approaches to establish communication between two web apps. So whenever we are building services with the help of REST APIs, our web application is going to expose certain endpoints which my client application can invoke by sending a request. So these are the various scenarios where we use REST services behind the scenes. It might be communicating with a backend server with the help of REST API. And similarly, if you see the second scenario, two different backend servers are two different microservices. They can also communicate with each other with the help of REST API. And the last scenario that we have is we can build a web applications with the help of UI frameworks like Angular, React and these frameworks they need to fetch the data or they need to store the data inside a backend database. The same they are going to communicate with the backend server with the help of REST services. I hope you are clear. What is REST services? Now let's try to understand what are the various standards that we need to follow while implementing REST services. Because at the end of the day, whenever we are trying to build REST services, we will write a business logic to calculate and to process some data and our REST APIs They are going to support crud operations and the storage system. For example, inside our Rest APIs, we are going to write business logic that supports creating the data, reading the data, updating the data and deleting the data inside a database or inside a storage system. So whenever we are trying to build APIs that expose these, create, read, update and delete operations to the external applications, we need to make sure we are following the standards of the Http methods. For example, whenever you are trying to save the data or whenever you are trying to create the data with the help of your API, you need to make sure you are accepting the requests with the help of post method. And similarly, if your API support just reading the data from the storage system and sending the same to the client, then it is just a read operation for such scenarios we should use the get Http method and if your API is supporting update operation where a client can update the existing data, then we can use Http method put or http method patch. The difference between put and patch is if you are trying to update your entire record or major data inside your table record, then you should use put. Whereas if you're trying to update only a small set of information or a specific column, you should use Http patch method to support the update operation. And at last, if the client application wants to delete a data inside your application, then you need to expose an API that supports delete operation. And in such scenarios we should use Http method, which is delete method. So please make sure you are following these standards whenever you are building REST services and microservices. And the next standard that you need to follow is you should perform proper input validation on your REST APIs because if you consider a UI application, it will have HTML forms, input elements using which you can perform lot of validations. But coming to the REST APIs, any application can invoke a backend application or a mobile application or an application. So that's why you should not rely on. The validations that is happening in external system. You should do your own input, validation and accordingly process the request. And after the input validations, we should also take care of exceptional handling. Regardless if you are getting a runtime exception or a business exception, you should properly handle it and you should always send a meaningful response to the clients. Otherwise you are going to have a very tough time with your clients because they cannot understand what is the issue with your APIs? Which data is wrong if they don't know which data is wrong or why the operation is failing, they will be clueless and you need to pitch in and make them understand manually, which is very cumbersome process. That's why always have exception handling covering all your scenarios. And the next standard that we need to follow is document your services inside microservices we are going to build hundreds of REST services and in some cases thousands of REST services. So whenever you are building such large amount of APIs, it is a good idea or it is a good standard to document your REST services with the help of standards like Openapi specification, swagger when you document your REST services well with these standards, your life is going to be easy. Think like your organization has some 1000 REST API services and it is being consumed by hundreds of client applications from external world. If they all reach out to you, like what is the format of request? What is the validations that you are doing? What is the response format? What are the operations that you support to explain all these information through a document or through your email or through a KT session through a knowledge transfer session is going to be very cumbersome and it is going to be very complex. Whenever more and more clients are onboarding who are trying to consume your API services. That's why as a bare minimum, please make sure you are adhering to these standards that we discussed here. I'm going to show you how to build a REST services with the help of Spring Boot framework and following all these three standards so that you are in a good position to build production ready services inside your real projects. I hope you are clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.