Finally, we are at a lecture where we'll try to make our hands dirty by creating microservices with the help of Spring Boot Framework. Like I said before, creating a web application or building rest services are microservices with the help of spring Boot framework is going to be super, super easy. To get started, we need to come to this website which is start.spring.io. Inside this website, like you can see we need to select our project specifications. What language that we want to consider. What is a build tool that we want to consider? What is the spring boot version? So all such basic details we need to fill inside this website. So let me fill those details. I want to consider Maven as a build tool for my Java based web application. So the language is going to be Java. Now coming to the spring boot version, as of today, the most stable version available is .1.1, the same one is selected by default. I'm going to continue with the same in future. If you see some other latest version, please do select the latest version always. And I'll also make sure I'm updating the GitHub code repo every quarter with the latest versions. That way you can always refer to the code present inside the GitHub repo. Now coming to the group, I want to give the name as com dot easy bytes. So this is the group I want to give artifact. I want to give as accounts because first I'll try to build accounts microservice. If you can recall we discussed about easy Bank which will have three different type of microservices like accounts, loans and cards. So first I'll try to create accounts microservice. So please do follow me all the steps that I am doing once I create accounts microservice with all the standards that we discussed. Similarly I'm going to give exercise to To create loans and cards. Microservice very similar to accounts. Microservice. One request that I have here is while you are trying to create microservice based upon the steps that I have discussed, please do follow the same group name, same artifact, or same package name class names that I'm going to discuss inside this course. The reason is many times many students. They face some issues and they post their issues and their project inside the Q&A of the Udemy course for me to identify that if you follow the same naming conventions, it is going to be super easy. And in fact, before posting a Q&A question, you can also compare my code with your code and this will help you to easily identify the issues. If you maintain the same naming conventions that I am trying to follow inside this course, I hope you are clear now coming to the name. I also want to maintain the same name like artifact. So the name also going to be accounts description I want to mention as microservice for accounts was that the package name automatically populate based upon the group and artifact. So calm dot easy dot accounts. I want to go with the default packaging, which is jar since we are trying to build microservice, and eventually in the coming sections, we'll containerize our Spring boot applications. I want to go with the packaging as Jar and the Java version. I want to go with the default Java version here, which is 17. So as of today, 17 is the stable and LTS version available. And please do make sure you are selecting at least Java 17. Please don't select 11 and eight because the basic requirement for the spring boot three version and above is Java 17. If you want to use 11 or 8, you need to go with the spring boot version, which is less than Spring Boot three. And in that case, you need to go with the 2.7. 13, but I don't recommend that. Always go with the latest spring boot version and go with the Java 17 version. So now we have provided all the basic configuration details coming to the dependencies. We need to define what dependencies we need for our microservices. The very first dependency that we need to add is web. Since we decided to build Rest services by adding these starter project, my Spring boot is going to bring all the dependencies and libraries that I need to build web applications, including Rest services, MVC based applications, and it is also going to use Apache Tomcat as a default embedded container. So that's the beauty of starter projects. Inside Spring Boot. You don't need to define the dependencies manually for all these libraries and dependencies by just selecting one of the starter project, which is Spring Web, I'm going to get all the dependencies that I need. So let me select this post that since we need some storage supporting database now I'm going to go with the H2 database. So has to database is an internal memory database which you can use inside spring boot web applications. It does not require any installation of MySQL servers or Oracle. You can use this simple internal memory database. So let me select that. But I'm going to change our microservices from database to MySQL in the coming sections when we start using the Docker containers. For now let's keep it very simple. We don't want to do unnecessary installations. Post that. Since we want to connect with an database like database, we need to have supporting framework for the same. I want to add the Spring Data JPA as the dependency inside my Spring Boot web application. Using the starter projects, we can store the data into the database. We can retrieve the data so all the libraries related to database interaction will be available inside the Spring Data JPA. So let me select this after this spring. Data JPA. I also want to go with the actuator. Like I said before, Spring Boot provides inbuilt endpoints to monitor and manage our application such as like health of our application metrics of the application. Since we are building microservice and we want to monitor our microservices without writing any external code, I want to use this actuator dependency. And the next dependency is dev tools. So this Spring Boot dev tools is a starter project which will improve the productivity of the developer. Like you can see, whenever we have this dependency inside our spring boot application, it is going to provide fast application restarts, live reload and configurations for enhanced development experience. Once we start our application, we do some code changes like Java changes our property changes. In such scenarios, we don't have to manually restart the server of Spring boot by default. Internally, these dev tools is going to restart very quickly by reloading only the changes that I have made. So let me select this as well. And the next dependency is Lombok. So using Lombok we can avoid all the setters and getters methods that we need to write inside a Pojo class. At the end of the day, all the data that we get from UI application are from other applications will get converted into a Pojo class, and to access that data from the Pojo class, we will use setter methods. So writing these getter and setter methods is very cumbersome and introduce lot of boilerplate code. So with the help of Lombok we can reduce that boilerplate code. I'm going to show you the demo in the coming lectures. For now please add these dependency. And the last validation that I want to add here is validation. Since we decided to follow the standards of performing validations on the incoming request, we need to add these starter project inside our Spring Boot application. So now I have added all the dependencies that I have needed. Please note that whatever dependencies that I have added related to Spring boot dev tools, this will work only for local development. Please don't be under the impression that automatic restarts will happen inside the production as well. That will never happen. Spring boot team. They are smart enough to activate these dependencies only during the local development, but not for the production deployments. I hope you are clear. Now. As a next step, I can click on this generate button which will generate a maven application. So let me go to my downloads. You can see here inside my downloads I have this accounts dot zip file. So let me copy this. I'll go to the storage inside workspace folder. I'm going to create a new workspace with the name microservices. Inside this microservices folder I'm going to create one more folder with the name section two. Because since I said I'm going to upload all the code that we are going to discuss inside the course, as per the sections, I'm going to create separate, separate folders inside the workspace. And the same way I'm going to upload to GitHub repos so that you have complete code based upon sections inside the GitHub repo. The reason why I'm creating section two, but not section one is right now we are in the section two. Inside the section one, we just talked about the microservices introduction and it is a completely theory section. So now inside this section two I'm going to copy these accounts. Dot JP let me double click and extract the same. So the file got extracted I can now remove the dot zip file. So here inside this you can see I have the maven structure. There is a source folder. There is a Pom.xml and other maven related files inside my Maven project. Now I can import this into my id so that we can start working on it. Here I open my IntelliJ Idea. So this is the ID that I'm going to use throughout this course. If you are using eclipse or NetBeans or any other IDE, you can use the same. But I strongly recommend you switching to IntelliJ Idea, because this is the most commonly used IDE by the developers inside the software industry. It has both community version which is free, and it also have enterprise version as well. If you are working in a organization, there is a good chance you may get enterprise version of this IDE, but I'm going to use a community version inside this course so that all the students who are going to use a free version of this IDE, they will be having same look and feel. So here I'm going to click on this open and I'll go to Storage workspaces Micro Services and section two. So I'll just select the section two and click open. And this will open all the projects available inside the section two. As of now we are having only the accounts microservice. Later on we are going to add the loans and cards as well. As soon as you open, you'll get this pop up which is Maven Build script found. So you need to click on this load. So this will recognize my Accounts project as Maven project. You can also confirm the same by clicking on this Maven tab. You can see I got this Maven accounts project reflected under this Maven. So with this we should be good. Now let me go to the source file and under the source file we'll be having a class with the name accounts application. And this is the main class inside your spring boot application because it has annotation at the rate spring boot application. With this annotation, we are telling to the spring boot framework to perform auto configurations and to scan all the beans inside our Spring boot application. So Spring Boot application annotation is a combination of all these annotations like enable auto configuration spring boot configuration and components can. So these are very basics to spring and spring boot framework. Like I said if you're not aware of these annotations please please enroll into Spring and Spring Boot Course so that you can learn the basics. So let me close this. Now our application does not have any Rest APIs, so let's try to build a Hello World Rest API in the next lecture. But I'm assuming you're super, super clear with all the steps that we have discussed inside this lecture. I have not discussed about the Java Installation Maven installation IDE installation because I'm assuming you are an mature developer who know all those basic concepts, because once you learn core Java Spring and Spring Boot, then only you will come to learn microservices. With that assumption, I'm not covering all those very basic setup details. If you have any questions, please reach out to me through Q&A. I'll be able to help you. Thank you and we can continue the discussion in the next lecture by.