In the previous lecture, we have created a basic spring boot web application. Now let's try to update this basic spring boot application with a new Rest API that gives the response saying that Hello World. At the same, if you are already comfortable with all these basic concepts, I would recommend you to fast forward the discussion. That way you won't get feel bored. But if you're not aware about all these basic concepts, I would recommend you to follow the discussions carefully. So in order to create a new basic Rest API, I'm going to create a new package with the name com.eazybytes.accounts.controller. So inside this controller package I'm going to create a new class. The class name is going to be accounts controller. Inside this class only I'm going to create all the Rest APIs related to the accounts. Microservice First, let's try to put an annotation on top of this class. The annotation is @RestController. Whenever we mention this annotation on top of a class, we are instructing to the spring boot framework I'm going to write methods inside this class with the annotations related to the Http methods. Accordingly, please expose all these methods as a Rest APIs to the outside world. So that is an indication that we are giving to the spring boot framework. So here I'm going to create a method. So let me type the method like public. It is going to return string and the method name is going to be say hello and it is not going to accept anything. It is simply going to return a string saying that Hello world. So this is the tradition that most developers, they follow whenever they are getting started with the new framework. So that's why I'm trying to follow the same tradition. Now, on top of this method, I'm going to mention an annotation which is get mapping. So whenever we are mentioning get mapping, we are telling to the spring boot framework that this method is going to support Http get method. So whoever want to invoke my API, they need to invoke with the help of Http get method because this method is simply going to return the data to the end user or to the client. That's why we should use the Get Mapping. And since someone want to invoke this API, we should mention what is the path that this method is going to support. So here I'm just going to define the path saying that say hello. So if someone is trying to invoke my API, say hello, they'll get this response. So let me save this changes. I'm going to do a build. When you're trying to do a build very first time, your IDE will ask you to enable annotation processing because it identifies the Lombok inside your classpath. So please enable the annotations so that we can leverage the Lombok Library inside this course. So let me do this. After this, I'm going to do build again. Once the build is completed, I'm straight away going to the spring Boot main class, which is accounts application. And here I'm trying to start my application in a debug mode. So let's see the magic that it is going to do behind the scenes. Like you can see here, my accounts application started at the port 8080 and it also identified that I have history database inside my dependency. That's why it completed all auto configuration related to H2 console. The same applies for the actuator. Since we have the actuator related dependency inside our pom.xml spring boot did all the auto configuration and apart from that it is also deployed our web application automatically into your Tomcat server at the port 8080 with the context path empty. This means my spring boot framework based upon dependencies that I have defined inside my web application. It is able to do a lot of auto configuration. It is not asking me to provide what is a port number where it has to deploy, what is the server, where it has to deploy, what are the connection details to my H2 database? It is not asking all those details and it is assuming and doing some default configurations. I'll be showing how to override these default configurations in the coming lectures. For now, let's try to access our API the help of port 8080. For the same inside my browser, I'm going to type localhost 8080 since our application started at the port 8080. And the path that we need to invoke is say hello. As soon as I try to invoke this API path, you will be able to see I'm getting Hello world response from my backend server. So whenever we try to invoke this path from browser, it is going to invoke with the help of history http get method only. That's why I'm getting the response. Hello world. I hope you are seeing the beauty of the spring boot framework, how easy it is to build a microservice if I'm aware of all these steps. I can create a micro service template or skeleton within one two minutes, post that I can update with my own business logic. And apart from this, like I said, there are some productivity tools available inside the spring boot framework like dev tools, which is going to help to improve the productivity of the developer. For example, if I try to update this string to hi world and I'm saving these changes and doing a build as soon as the build is completed, I'm not going to restart the server, I'll just go to the debug and I'll see what is there inside my console. You can see by default my spring boot framework itself restarted my application within eight milliseconds initially to start the server. Very first time it took 6.834 seconds. But later on when I make the changes, it restarted very quickly because it is trying to load the class, which is changed in our scenario. It is accounts controller. So now let me go to the browser and try to refresh. So here I'm trying to refresh my page and you can see I'm getting the latest response. Whereas if you can think about all these inside a monolithic application where you are not using a spring boot framework, you need to manually restart for each and every small change. And sometimes this manual restarts is going to take a lot of your efforts on day to day basis. I hope you are clear. Now I want to share an important note about IntelliJ IDE. By default, you may not have this look and feel in terms of this font and these colors and this dark theme. If you want to have the same theme like I'm showing here, please go to these IntelliJ idea and open the preferences here. Look for plugins under plugins. I'm clicking on this install. So as of now you can see I installed a theme which is dark purple theme from Jetbrains and also I installed one more theme which is one dark theme from Mark Skelton. So using these themes, I'm able to get all these look and feel so you can go to this marketplace and you can simply search for these themes like Dark Purple theme, and you will be seeing the result and there will be an install option for you since it is already installed inside my IDE, I'm getting it disabled option. Once you install this theme, you can enable these and you can search for theme inside your preferences. Once you search for the theme. Under these appearance and behavior, there is an appearance tab. Just click on that. Under this theme, you should be able to change to whatever theme that you want. And previously I'm telling to enable the annotations processing because we are going to use a lombok. For the same, you can also search for annotation here and you can see this is the annotation processor. So always make sure you are enable these annotation processing. Otherwise you will not be able to use all the Lombok related annotations that we are going to discuss in the coming lectures. I hope you're clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.