In the previous lecture, we have created a simple Rest API that says hello to the world. Now, before we try to build other Rest APIs, which will help us to expose the Crud operations to the clients, first we need to make sure that our database related code is completed and it is available for us to interact with the database. As of now, we are using internal H2 database. To use this history database, we can define some properties or configurations inside our application. For the same we need to go to these resource folder. Under this resource folder we have application.properties file. As of now you can see it is an empty file. Inside this property file only we can define all the configurations related to spring boot, where we can mention the port number which needs to be considered by the spring boot. To start the service, we can define database related configurations. We can define message queues, related configurations. We can define actuator related The configurations. So there are good amount of properties or configurations that we can define inside this file, which will make developer life easy. With the properties that we mentioned inside this file, Springboot is going to do a lot of work behind the scenes. So instead of we writing the Java code are a lot of boilerplate code to handle all those logic, we simply mention the properties inside this file, and Springboot is going to take care of connecting to database, starting the server at the mentioned port number, and enabling certain features of actuator. This way we can achieve many functionality with these properties, but we are not going to write our properties with the format of key and value, which is the default way inside Springboot. Instead, we are going to define all our properties with the YAML format. So for the same, what I'm going to do is I'm going to close this application.properties and rename this file from Application.properties to two application dot y ML y ml indicates that this file is going to support the YAML format. So YAML is a very famous format, just like XML and JSON. YAML is the latest and mostly used format. The reason why I'm using dot YAML format instead of dot properties is YAML is very intuitive in nature. We can easily read the YAML file very easily, and the same YAML format is going to be used inside Docker, Kubernetes, or any cloud providers that you go like AWS, GCP, Azure since many places this is being used in future. Also, definitely I'm confident that Springboot will move to the dot YAML format. So right now it is supporting both dot properties and dot YAML. Since we can achieve more with the help of dot YAML format, I'm pretty sure that in future Springboot is going to migrate to dot YAML format. With that reasons, let's try to define the properties with the help of dot YAML. But here you may have questions like how can I define properties with the help of YAML format? What is the syntax that I need to follow? So you may have many questions. So let me give a quick introduction about YAML syntax. If you see this file these are the normal property values that I can mention whenever I'm using dot properties format. So you can see this is the key and this is the value. So there will be a key and there will be a value. The same applies for all other properties. Every property will have a key and it is going to have a corresponding value. So these are the properties. And it is very clear for everyone. There is no big complexity here. There is a key. There is a value. So now let's try to understand how to represent this inside a YAML. YAML is going to work based upon indentation. When I say indentation, you can see whenever I want to define these server dot port as a key inside YAML, I need to first mention server followed by colon post that I should immediately give a tab space inside my next row. Like you can see here, I have given a tab space. Then only my YAML is going to consider the key as server dot port, and very similarly for spring dot data source dot url, I need to mention spring followed by a tab space data source colon. And since inside data source we are going to have the URL. We need to mention the URL again with a tab space. So you can see I have mentioned the tab space here. The advantage of YAML. You can see the spring is repeated unnecessarily inside properties file for every key, whereas with YAML it is going to have only once inside the same spring. We can define data source only once, whereas in property you can see it is repeated four times, and at last we reach to the end of the key, which is URL. Once we reach, we need to give the colon and post the colon. We need to make sure we are giving a single space, followed by what is the value? This is the value that I want to mention. The same I have done for driver class name and user name and password. And since I want to give empty password, I have given a single quote with empty value. And very similarly, if you see for this property which is spring .2. console, dot enabled is equal to true. I don't need to mention the spring again. I can straight away come to the same location where that data source is present and in the same location. I can start the new key which is H2. This way I need to maintain this indentation properly. Then only my YAML is going to work. If I screw up this indentation then my ML is not going to work. That's why. Please, please make sure you are giving the same space, same indentation like I was giving inside the GitHub repo. So let me copy these properties and I can mention inside the application dot YAML. So you can see these are the values that I have mentioned inside my YAML file. I also installed a YAML related plugin inside my ID. That's why it is able to recognize this file as YAML file based upon the extension that I have mentioned here. So with the server dot port, we are telling to the spring boot framework to start the port at 8080. This is the default port, even if you don't mention it is going to consider the same, but it is a good practice to mention the same inside your applications dot YAML file. And when we are going to build other microservice, definitely we can't live with 8080 because it is already being used by the accounts microservice. So in those microservice we are going to override to some other port number. Now coming to these properties, all these related to the H2 database. So with the spring dot data source dot URL, I'm telling to the spring boot framework that this is the endpoint details where my application can connect to the internal H2 database. So JDBC colon H2. Colon mem. Colon testdb. So this is the value that we need to give. And the driver class name we need to give object to dot driver and username. This is the default username. If you want you can change and the password. Also I want to go with the default password which is a empty value. Now with the help of this spring .2. console dot enabled, I'm telling to the spring boot framework to enable the H2 console so that I can log in into this H2 console from my browser, and I can see all the tables and records that are inserted are created into my internal H2 database. And very similarly we need to mention other properties like spring dot JPA, dot Database platform and the database platform that we are using is H2 dialect. And with this spring dot JPA, dot hibernate dot DDL auto as update, we are telling to the Spring boot framework if there are no tables created inside my internal database, please go ahead and create them based upon the SQL instructions that I'm going to provide automatically during the startup. So that's the purpose here. We don't want to create the tables every time manually inside our internal database. We want that process to be automatically happen when server is being started. Because database is an internal memory database, whenever you shut down the server, all the data and all the tables that you have created will be wiped off. That's why to overcome the challenge of creating the tables and data manually every time, we can provide some SQL scripts. Based upon that. My Spring Boot framework can automatically create these tables behind the scenes during the startup. And at last we also mentioned spring dot JPA dot show SQL as true. With this property we are telling to the Spring Boot framework, please print all the SQL queries that you are going to execute against to the database on the console, and with this the developers can see what are the queries that are being executed behind the scenes by the Spring Data JPA framework, and these queries are going to help them during the debugging process. I hope you are clear with these properties. Please make sure you are also using this YAML format. This format is going to help you to work on multiple products like Docker, Kubernetes, and cloud environments. So let me save these changes. Now like I said during startup we want some tables to be created so that we can store that data inside these tables for the same. Under this resources folder, you need to create a new file with the name schema dot SQL. Whenever you want to create the tables columns, you need to define a file with the name schema dot SQL. Whereas if you want to create data with the help of insert scripts or update scripts, you can define a file with the name data dot SQL. For now, I just want to create the tables inside my internal H2 database. So now inside this SQL file I'm going to paste a few scripts. So these are the scripts that I have pasted just now. I'm not typing all of them in front of you just to save some time here. Please get these scripts from the GitHub repo and you can also paste inside your schema SQL. The same you can do for application dot YAML file as well. Throughout the course, I'm only going to type very important code in front of you to save some time. You can always pause the video. You can always get the code from GitHub repo, or you can type the code by seeing at the screen. But please make sure you are passing the video. So I'm doing this so that we can learn more with less time. Because if I start typing all the hundreds and thousands of lines of code that we are going to discuss, definitely the length of the course is going to become more since I want to teach you more with less time so that you can learn quickly. That's why I'm following this strategy. I hope you understand. So now let me save these changes and do a build once the build is completed. Since my application is already started and we have dev tools inside our classpath, my dev tools might have restarted the server. You can see this time my server restarted in 1.237 seconds, and my spring boot framework considered all the URL details that we have given for the database. And you can see by default, the Spring boot framework is going to expose the H2 console with this path, which is H2 hyphen console. So let me try to access this H2 console in the browser. So I need to go to the localhost 8080 followed by H2 hyphen console. And here I'm trying to access it. You can see you will get this page where you need to enter all your driver class, jdbc URL, username and password. By default these values will get automatically populated. Please make sure the values are matching with what you have mentioned inside the applications dot YAML file. So the username is password is empty. I'm just clicking on this connect with that. This is the H2 console where you can see there are two tables created with the name accounts and customers. My accounts table has columns like customer ID, account number, account type, branch address, created date created by Updatedat and updated by. Very similarly, if I click on this customer, it has columns like customer ID, name, email, mobile number, createdat, updatedat and updated by. So these tables are created based upon the scripts that we have provided inside the schema dot SQL file. So if you try to understand the scripts first, I am trying to create a customer table where we are trying to save the name of the bank customer. What is his email, what is the mobile number and a few metadata related columns like Createdat created by Updatedat and updated by. So these four metadata columns are going to present in each of the table that I'm going to create inside this course. So this is the another standard that you need to follow inside the real projects. These columns will help us. Who created the data, at what time the data is created and who updated the data at what time. I hope you understand. For this customer table, a primary key is going to be customer ID column, and it is going to be automatically incremented whenever I'm trying to insert a new record into the database. So this is what we are trying to achieve with this customer table creation. And the table will be created only if it not existed in the database. Now coming to the accounts table, you can see I'm mentioning the customer ID column, and there is going to be a foreign key link between these customer and accounts table with this customer ID column and inside these accounts table we are going to have a column with the name account number, which will act as a primary key and post that will also have columns like what is the account type, whether the account type is saving account or current account, and what is the branch address followed by metadata columns. So I'm just trying to keep the things simple so that we can focus more on the microservice concept, rather than creating complex tables, complex mappings, and do a lot of unnecessary things. I hope you are fine with that. With this, we set up the H2 database with the help of this schema dot SQL file and with the properties mentioned inside the application dot YAML file. In the next lecture, let's try to build the code with the help of Spring Data JPA. That will help us to interact with this H2 database and the tables, so that we can start leveraging this database for insert data, for reading data, for updating and deleting the data. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture by.