In the previous lecture, we have created these two tables with the names, accounts and customer inside our internal H2 database. The same database structure, the same tables and columns we are going to use even when we migrate from H2 database to MySQL database in the coming sections. Right now we have the database and the tables inside it. As a next step, we need to write Java code to interact with these tables so that we can start saving the data into these tables. We can read from them. We can update and delete the data from these tables for the same. Inside our palm dot XML. We already added a library with the name Spring Data JPA. So this is the library under which we have many interfaces and classes, which will help us to interact with the database tables whenever we want to use this framework. First, we need to create the Pojo classes representing each of the table that I have inside my database. For the same, I'm going to create a new package and the package name is going to be entity. Since inside this entity package, I'm going to store all the entity classes of my database. That's why I have choose this name as of now. If you look at the table structure that we have, there are four columns that are going to be present in each of the tables that we are going to create. These four columns are the metadata columns that we maintain in each of the table. So it is a good idea to create a separate superclass that will maintain the details of these four columns. That's why inside this entity package, first I'm going to create a new Java class with the name base entity. Inside this base entity class, I'm going to create four different fields, each representing one of the metadata column. The very first one is private local date time, and the field name is going to be created at. Please make sure this field name is matching with your column name that you have created inside the table. So created at. You have to remove the underscore post that convert the first letter of the second word to capital letter like we are seeing here. This way we don't have to tell to the Spring Data JPA framework to which column this field is mapped inside my database. The next field is private string. For this field, I'm going to mention the field name as created by. So this represents the second metadata column that we have which is created by. Very similarly I'm going to create the next two columns and rename these to updated at and updated by. Now as a next step, we are supposed to create the getter and setter methods for these fields, and creating all those getters and setters will be very cumbersome process. And at the same time, the code looks very lengthy, which we don't want. That's why we need to use our Lombok related annotations. The very first annotation that we need to mention on top of this class is at the rate getter. So when we mention this annotation behind the scenes, my Lombok library is going to generate the getter and setter the same I'm doing for the setter with the help of these at the rate setter annotation and if needed, we can also mention the two string annotation, which will help us to convert these base entity objects to the string format. So once we define all these Lombok related annotations, we should be good. So let me save these changes. Now if I try to show you the methods present inside these class, you can see there is a getter methods for each of the field like get created at, get created by and very similarly we have setter method and two string method, also created by the Lombok annotation behind the scenes, which means you will not be seeing these getters and setters inside your code. But behind the scenes, Lombok is going to do the magic of generating them inside the bytecode of your classes. That's why whenever you are seeing them, list of the methods inside your classes. You are able to see all these methods. You can uncheck these inherited members, and you'll be able to see all the methods which are specific to this class only. I hope you're clear now, since we are trying to leverage these base entity class for all the other entity classes that we are going to create inside our project, we need to mention an annotation which is at the rate mapped superclass. This indicates to the Spring Data JPA framework that this class is going to act as a superclass for all my entities, wherever I'm trying to extend this base entity class. So once we mention these details, we can also mention one more annotation on top of each field, which is at the rate column. Using this, @Column annotation, we can mention what is the column name inside the database that we are trying to map to this field. But since the column name and the field names are matching, we don't need to mention the column name manually with the help of these @Column annotation. So what I'm trying to mention here is I'm going to mention updatable is equal to false. The purpose of this updatable is equal to false is whenever a record is being updated inside the database table. I don't want this column to be considered by the Spring Data JPA to populate the value and to update the value, which means this field will not be updated whenever I'm trying to update my record, because I only want to maintain this created at time to represent the what is the original time when my record is inserted, let me do the same for created by also. Now very similarly for the updated at, I'm going to mention the insert table is equal to false. Just like how we have updatable is equal to false, we also have inserted will is equal to false. This tells to my Spring Data JPA framework. Please do not populate our update these two columns whenever it is trying to insert a very new record inside the database. Of course, this makes sense because while we are trying to insert the record very first time, why do we want to update these two columns? We need to maintain them as null values. So now my base entity class is ready. Let me go to the entity package. And here I'm going to create a new class which represents customer table. That's why I'm trying to create a class with the same name customer. So here the very first annotation that I need to mention is at the rate entity. So this delta my Spring Data JPA framework. Please treat this Pojo class as a entity representation or an Pojo representation for my table with the name customer. So if you see the table name will match with the class name that we have. So this is matching if it is not matching, and if you are trying to use a different class name, then you can use the annotation which is at the rate table. And to this table annotation you can pass the name parameter, to which you can mention whatever table name that you have inside the database. Since right now the class name and table name is matching, I don't want to use at the rate table annotation was that. First I want to create a field with the name private long customer ID. So this is going to hold the primary key value inside my database followed by private string name. And this name field is going to hold the name of the customer. And very similarly private string email followed by private string mobile number. So with this we have created the all the fields with the same names like we mentioned inside the table like customer ID name, email, mobile number. Now, since we also have metadata related columns inside our entity, we need to extend the entity class that we have created previously, which is base entity. So once we define these details, all the fields that we have inside the base entity will be considered by the Spring Data JPA framework. Whenever it is trying to insert a new record, or update a record, or delete a record as a next step, we need to also mention the Lombok annotations like getter, setter, two string and very similarly. I'm also going to mention all args constructor and no args constructor. With the help of all args constructor, my Lombok is going to generate a constructor which accepts all the fields that we have inside this Pojo class, and very similarly with no args constructor, it is going to generate an empty constructor. The reason why I'm mentioning these two annotations is in future, when we are trying to leverage this customer entity class, we need to create the object of this entity class. And when we are trying to create the object, obviously we need the constructor like all args constructor and no arcs constructor. That's why I'm mentioning here. Now like I said, this is going to be a primary key column value. But how do I communicate that to the Spring Data JPA framework? There are four fields inside this class. But this field is going to represent the primary key value. So to communicate the same we need to use the annotation which which is at the rate ID. Now I told to my Spring Data JPA that this field is going to represent as a primary key, but are we going to provide the primary key value manually to the Spring Data JPA framework? Are we want the Spring Data JPA framework to automatically generate a primary key value whenever it is trying to insert a new record into the table, it is a good idea to give the responsibility to the Spring Data JPA framework. For the same, we need to mention two annotations like you can see here these two annotations, which is at the generated value and at the rate generic generator. Using these two annotations, we are trying to tell to the Spring Data JPA framework, please automatically generate the primary key values. That's why I'm mentioning the strategy as generation type dot auto. Auto indicates automatic. And what is the generator value? Generator value that I'm mentioning. Is near to the same native name I have created here, with the help of a generic generator annotation. For the second annotation, I'm passing the strategy as native. With the native strategy, I'm telling to the Spring Data JPA framework. Whatever database that I'm using, please try to generate the sequence number or the primary key value based upon the native style of my database. For example, if I use my SQL database as my back end database, my Spring Data JPA framework is going to leverage a native strategy which is specific to my SQL database. So this is what we are communicating with these two annotations. So please make sure you are mentioning these two annotations inside your code as well. And like I said before, we can also mention at the rate column annotation. And to this column annotation we can pass the what is our column name here the column name is customer ID, so the field name and the column name is matching. I'm again mentioning this so that you will have a reference in future. I'll also mention the same for mobile number. Like I said, even if we don't mention this at the rate column annotation, it is going to work perfectly because the column names and field names are matching in our scenario. I'm just mentioning for your reference so that in future you are aware of these at the rate column annotation. So now I need to create one more entity class representing the second table that I have which is accounts. So let me copy this customer entity and paste inside the same package. For this new entity I'm going to keep the name as accounts. So let me create this new class. So to this accounts entity class we are fine extending the base entity. And we are fine with all those annotations. And inside this entity class customer ID is not going to be the primary key value. It is only present to establish the link between accounts table and customer table. So let me remove all those ID values. Post that I'm going to create a new field with the name private long account number. And account number is going to act as a primary key value inside my table. That's why I need to mention at the rate ID and on top of this field. Also, I can mention at the rate column just for your reference, like this is going to retrain the database column which is count underscore number. Let's check if this is matching with the schema dot SQL. Yes. This is matching. The next field that I want to create is account type to this field. Also I'll mention at the rate column the strategy that I'm using right now to mention this at the rate column is where the column names has underscore inside them. I'm just mentioning the at the rate column. But like I said this is completely optional. If the column name and field names are matching. Ignoring the underscore value. But this is matching with the account type. Now let me do the same for branch address. So the field name is going to be branch address. And here I'm not mentioning any annotations related to generate the primary key value automatically. The reason is I am going to write a small logic inside my rest API service to generate the account number manually and assign the same into the database. We don't want our bank account numbers to start with sequence numbers like one, two, three, four. That won't look good. Account number usually will be ten digit number. That's why as a developer, it is my responsibility to generate the account number. And with that reason I have not mentioned the annotations related to primary key generation like we mentioned inside the customer table. I hope this is clear. With this, we have successfully created entity classes representing each of the table that we have created inside our database. Now, as a next step, we should also create the repository classes representing each of the table. Because with these entity classes, we can only store our data into the entity Pojo class. But we need some logic that will take the object of these entity classes and interact with the database tables that we have created by the same. We need to create the repository interfaces inside our web application. So I'm trying to create a new package here. The package name is going to be com dot easy bytes dot accounts dot repository. Inside this repository package I'm going to create a new interface. And the interface name is going to be Customer repository. And using this repository I'm going to interact with my customer database table with the help of Spring Data JPA framework. So let me create this customer repository. Now on top of this interface I'm going to mention an annotation which is repository. Whenever I'm mentioning this annotation on top of my interface class behind the scenes, my Spring Data JPA framework will create a bean implementation of this interface based upon the configurations that I'm going to provide. So this just an empty interface. The Spring Data JPA framework cannot create an object or bean from it in order to bring the. Magic of Spring Data JPA into this interface, we need to extend a class from the Spring Data JPA framework, which is JPA repository, to this JPA repository. It is going to accept two parameters. One is what is the entity class, which is going to be handled by this repository class. And the second parameter is what is the data type of your primary key field inside your entity. So if you open this customer table the primary key data type is long. That's why we need to mention the same here. So whenever I'm creating a interface with other repository annotation that is extending JPA repository behind the scenes, my Spring Data JPA framework is going to generate the runtime code by providing large many methods. If you see all these methods are coming from the framework, like I can execute Crud operations like find, delete, update and insert. So these are all find methods will help me to find the records from the database. Similarly, we have saved methods to insert and update the records inside the database. This way I'm able to get all these methods from the Spring Data JPA framework without writing any SQL manually. Inside my business logic, I'm going to show you the demo of these repository interfaces in the coming lectures. For now, please note that that these JPA repository is coming from the Spring Data JPA framework. And this internally extends list of paging and sorting repository and other interface like query by example executor. Like I said, if you're not aware of these spring Data JPA framework in detail, please look for and spring course that explain more about these Spring Data JPA framework. For now, please note that with the help of this JPA repository, we don't have to write any code to execute the Crud operations on our table, which is customer. So now very similarly I'm going to create a one more repository interface. And this repository interface is going to be accounts repository. The only change that we need to do here is to update the entity class name. So the entity class name is accounts. And it is also having a primary key value that supports long. So we should be good with this long parameter value. So like you can see these interface are empty as of now. And with the help of these interfaces we can invoke the methods from the framework to perform the Crud operations, which I'm going to show you the demo in the coming lectures with this. Inside this lecture we have created the entity classes for our database tables. And also we have created the repository interfaces using which we can interact with the database tables by using the methods available inside these Spring Data JPA framework. I hope this is all clear to you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.