In the previous lecture, We have created entities representing each of the database table that we have. So with these entities, we are supporting inside our web application to create new account customer details, to fetch the account and customer details to update and delete these details. What if one of the client application they want both your accounts and customer data together in a single request? Do you think we can send two different objects as a response? Off course not. We cannot send them two different objects. We can only send a single object inside a response. Maybe you can think like we can create an one more entity or pojo class. And inside them I can try to create the fields of accounts and customer. That way I can embed both these two classes inside another class. That's one of the basic approach, but we should not do that. The reason is all these entity classes, they are related to that database layer. You may ended up into various scenarios where you may want to send the data in various formats or in various combinations. That's why we should never touch these database related entity classes. They should always clearly and purely represent the database tables. So to overcome this challenge, we have a standard with the name DTO pattern. So let's try to understand what is this DTO pattern? DTO means Data Transfer Object. What is this pattern is recommending is whenever a client is trying to communicate with a backend application to get the data, we should follow the detour pattern, which is a design pattern that will allow to transfer data between different parts of your application. For example, inside my application I can have a database layer, presentation layer service layer. So to flow the data between multiple layers of your web application, we should use these DTO pattern and inside these dto patterns, we should create the detour classes which holds the fields that you want to transfer to and fro from the different layers of your application. So here, let's take an example to understand this. On the right hand side, I have a Customer entity class and Accounts entity, class. And inside these we have these fields which represent columns inside the database. I didn't mention metadata columns here just to save some space, but these Customer and Accounts, they represent the database entities and some client. They may request you to send both the customer and accounts in a single request. In such scenarios, what you can dto is we can create a class with the name like CustomerDetails. And inside this DTO class you can define all the fields that your client is asking from these entity classes. Once you define a class in between, you can write a mapper logic or aggregation logic that will take care of converting all your field values from DB entity to DTO class. So this is just a small piece of Java code that we need to write. I'm going to show you the demo of this DTO classes and pattern in the coming lectures. This way my client applications who are using web application like with the help of HTML page or who are trying to invoke my rest APIs with the help of other backend APIs. They can always request whatever data that they want from my database tables. Instead of I sending the data with the help of my database entity Pojo classes, I should rely on the DTO classes and following these pattern, we have various advantages. The very first advantage is it is going to reduce the network traffic. Think of a scenario if you don't have this dto pattern. And if your UI application or if another client API they're trying to ask you, provide me both customer and accounts table data. So in that case you will ask them to send the two different requests one for customer and the other one for accounts, which is unnecessary. Whereas with the dto pattern they will make a single request and you will have a mapper logic which will take care of combining the data from the customer and accounts and transferring it to the CustomerDetails class . And the same you will be responding back to the client applications. And the second advantage that we have is encapsulate serialization. So these classes usually they represent only the data that they carry. We are not supposed to write any other business logic inside these dto classes. Apart from these data fields we can also write logic related to the serialization. When I say serialization, some clients, they may ask you to send the data as an XML or as an Json format or an Yaml format. So whatever serialization format that they need, you can always write that logic inside your DTO class, otherwise you will end up spreading or writing that serialization format in many places of your application, which is going to be again a cumbersome process to maintain whenever there is a serialization format is changing in future. And the last advantage that we have with the dto pattern is, it will decouple the layers. With the help of this pattern, your presentation layer is going to be decoupled from the data access layer. What is the meaning of decoupling between presentation layer and data access layer? This means your presentation layer, like your client applications. They never know what is that database entities, what is the fields that they hold, what kind of data that they hold. They don't have to worry. And if there is anything changing inside the database, entities that will never impact the client applications because client applications, they always work with the help of dto class. Suppose think like in future you are introducing new column inside the DB entity and the same will be reflected inside your DB entity classes. If it is not required to the clients, you don't need to send that to clients and you don't need to update the DTO class. This way the DB layer and presentation layer are client layer is always decoupled with the help of DTO pattern. I hope you are clear what is dto pattern? So as a next step, what we have to do is, for each of the DB entities that we have created inside our web application, we need to create a corresponding DTO class so that we can send that data or response to the client applications when they invoke our REST APIs or microservices with the help of these D2 pattern and DTO classes that we are going to create. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.