Are you excited to build the actual business logic? Now is the time to build the actual business logic inside our Accounts Microservice. Inside this lecture, I'm going to build a REST API that will support the creation of a new account and new customer details inside our H2 database that we are maintaining. Please watch this video carefully because I'm going to cover a lot many standards, including exception handling, service layer logic and how to leverage the DTO pattern. So in order to create a new Rest API service, we need to go to the AccountsController. Because inside this controller class only we have created previously a sayHello API and right now we don't need this let me delete this say hello API. In real projects, whenever we are trying to build REST APIs, it is always recommended to maintain a prefix API path which is common for your entire REST APIs present inside your controller class. For the same, we need to mention the annotation which is RequestMapping to this annotation. I'm going to pass the path parameter and to this path parameter. For now I'm giving the prefix path as /api, which means any REST API that I'm trying to implement inside this controller class. It is going to have this prefix path inside API if needed few projects they also maintain the version number of the API like V1 or V2. But right now, since this is not a real project, we don't need to maintain these versioning inside our API paths. That's why I'm just going to mention the prefix as /api. After this, It is also good practice to mention what is a return type data format from your REST API. So we are going to support the return type data type as Json. That's why we need to mention producers = MediaType. Please make sure you are selecting the media type from the springframework.http package. Using this media type, we can invoke a constant which is APPLICATION_JSON_VALUE. Like you can see I'm just selecting that Json value. So this conforms to my spring boot framework that the REST API is that I'm going to implement inside this controller are inside this microservice, they are going to support the response type of type Json. So now I'm going to create a method that supports, create operation. So public ResponseEntity and inside this Response entity, I'm going to send the ResponseDto that we have created previously and the method name is going to be createAccount(). And to this createAccount() , I'm going to accept the request from my client applications. That's why I need to mention the RequestBody with the help of RequestBody annotation, whatever my clients are sending inside the RequestBody. The same will be mapped into the Pojo class that I'm trying to mention after this RequestBody The Pojo class that I'm going to mention here is CustomerDto. This means anyone who is trying to invoke my createAccount  method, they need to pass the input by following the data present Inside this dto. They need to pass what is the name of the customer? What is the email of the customer? What is the mobile number. Now, on top of this method I need to mention the @PostMapping annotation because since this is a create operation like we discussed, we need to use Http post method and to this post method, the path that it is going to support is create. So anyone who wants to create a new account using my Accounts Microservice, they need to pass /api, /create along with this input data, then only the invocation will work. So let me write some logic inside the body of my method. First, let me write return statement. I'm going to return the object of Response entity. That's why using Response entity class post, I'm going to send what is a status. And whenever the creation of account is successful, I want to mention the HttpStatus.CREATED. This means the given resource is created successfully in the backend server post that using body method, I'm going to send the object of ResponseDto that we have created. Let me invoke this ResponseDto constructor and to this constructor I need to pass what is the statusCode and statusMsg that I want to return? So let's maintain all the status code, status message or any other constant values inside a separate file. That is a recommended standard. That's why I'm going to create a new package with the name constants. Inside this constants package, I'm going to create a new class with the name AccountsConstants and inside this Accounts class I'm going to create constants. So let me paste this constants values. Like you can see have created all these constants. Please get these constants from the GitHub repo. I'm not typing all these values just to save some time here, so every constant has to be static and final so that no one can change them. And at the same time we can use these constant values without creating the object of this class. And here you can also see I'm mentioning a private constructor with this private constructor. I don't want anyone creating an object of this class. The reason is, inside this class I want to maintain only constants. I don't want someone poluting this class with some methods or any other business logic. With that reason, I have created a private constructor, which means no one can create an object of this class. That's why I should also make sure I'm mentioning this static keyword for all the constants so that I can invoke them and use them with the help of class name itself. And whenever we are using static and final, it is a good standard and it is a recommended to use the field name or constant name completely with the all caps like you can see. And if you have multiple words inside your field name, just make sure you are separating them with the help of underscore. As of now, we have warnings that nowhere we have used these constants. But don't worry, we are going to use all these constants then these warnings will get resolved automatically. Now, coming to the AccountsController here to this response, I want to pass what is a statusCode and status response that I want to return to my client application. So using accounts constants, I'm going to invoke the constant which is status_201. This indicates a record is created successfully and very similarly using accounts constant. I'm going to invoke the constant of message_201. With this, whenever an account is created successfully, we are sending a response saying that the resource is created with the help of this status. So this status will go in the response header. And similarly inside the body we can also send status as 201 and a message as account created successfully. So this is the standard that we need to follow with the help of Response entity. So Response entity is a class present inside the spring framework using which we can send the overall status, body and header values inside my response, you can see there is also a method like contentType(), header() using all these methods of Response entity. We can send a lot of information inside the Response to the client applications. If you send only ResponseDto as a return object instead of Response entity, whatever you have populated inside the ResponseDto, the same will be sent inside the body of the response, but the client will never receive what is the overall status? And similarly, this Response entity also give flexibility to send some header values or any other metadata information that we want to send. So I hope this is clear. Now we need to write the business logic to create the new account inside our H2 database. So all the business logic we should always write inside the service layer. The controller layer is only responsible to accept the request and to send the response and to perform any validations. That's why let's try to create a service layer with the help of an interface and its implementation. For the same, first, I need to create a new package with the name service. So inside this service package, first I'm going to create a new interface and the interface name is going to be IAccountsService. The I indicates interface. So this is a standard again followed by many projects. Whenever a class name starts with I, it indicates that it is an interface. You may ask me a question like then why you didn't follow the same naming standard for the repository layer, like for the Accounts repository and the Customer repository. But these repository classes, we never going to have any implementation classes. So that's why I didn't follow that standard. Whereas for the I account service, we are going to have an implementation class. So inside this interface I need to create a method that is responsible to create a new account. So let me create the method which is void create account. So this method is not going to return anything. That's why I'm mentioning the void as a return type was that this method is going to accept the CustomerDto as an input parameter. That's why I need to make sure I'm accepting this parameter. On top of this It is also a good standard to mention that Javadoc method comments. So you can see I'm just mentioning some method comments saying that that this method is going to accept a parameter of type CustomerDto object. And if your method is super, super complex, it is also a good recommendation inside your projects to write the few details about your method so that if someone joins in future inside your team and if you left the organization, they will know what is the purpose of this method. Right now I'm just going to leave it like this because this method is going to have simple logic. As a next step inside the same service package. I'm going to create a new package with the name impl. So impl means implementation. Inside this implementation package, I'm going to create a new class with the name AccountServiceImpl. On top of this class, First, I need to mention @Service annotation to indicate to spring boot framework that this class is going to act as a service layer. So please create a bean. And once the bean is created by the Springboot framework, I can auto wire this bean to the controller layer. So as a next step, we need to make sure that this is implementing a IAccountService interface. As soon as we add this implement action details, it is asking me to override the abstract method present inside this IAccountService. So let me try to click on this implement methods and I'm trying to copy the Javadoc and insert override. So let me click on this okay. With this I have the empty abstract method. Inside this method we need to write the logic to create a new account. Before I try to write the logic inside this service class. First, let me try to autowire the two repository classes that we have created. That's why I'm trying to mention this AccountRepository and CustomerRepository inside the Service class. And on top of this Service class I'm going to mention an annotation which is AllArgsConstructor. With these, what will happen is behind the scenes my Lombok is going to generate a constructor that is going to accept all the arguments of this class. As of now we have only two arguments like AccountsRepository and CustomerRepository. If I try to see the list of methods, you can see there is a constructor created that accepts two parameters and whenever there is only a single constructor inside your class that is accepting parameters, you don't need to manually autowire these repository classes with the help of @Autowire. The spring framework can automatically do the Autowiring because there is only a single constructor and the single constructor is going to accept all these parameters. That's how the autowiring will work automatically in order to save the data into the database with the help of this repository interfaces, we need to send the object of Customer but not the class. There should be some mapping logic which will convert the DTO t oentity class and entity class to DTO. So that's why I'm going to create a new package here with the name Mapper inside this mapper package. I'm going to create a new class with the name AccountsMapper and this mapper is going to take care of mapping DTO to entity and entity to DTO to save some time I'm just pasting two methods here static methods. I'll explain you what these methods are doing. You can also get this code from the GitHub repo. So if you see here, the very first method will take the first parameter as entity Accounts object and the second parameter as DTO object. What this is going to do is it is going to map all the data from Accounts to AccountsDto with the help of the Setters and Getters methods. So this simple logic I have written here, it will copy all the account number, account type and branch address to the DTO and it is going to return that DTO to the method where is trying to invoke this method, which is mapToAccountDto and this is a static method. Very similarly, we also have mapToAccounts. This method is going to do the vice versa, like it is going to accept DTO and accounts and transfer the data from DTO to entity class. I hope you are clear with these mapper logic. Let me create the same for CustomerMapper also. So whenever you need some mapper between entity and DTO, you need to write such logic inside your projects. So with the help of this CustomerMapper, I'm going to convert the data from CustomerDto to Customer and vice versa. So for the same, I'm going to mention two methods here. You already know what these methods. What is the purpose of them? If needed, please pass the video and try to understand what these methods are doing. So once we define these mapper logic and here you may have a question like do I need to write these mapper logic manually? Is there any automated way of doing this? Off course we have libraries that supports these automatic mapping between entity and Pojo Class two such libraries are modelmapper and map struct. Using these two libraries, you can do the conversion between DTO to entity and entity to DTO by adding few dependencies and writing a few lines of code, but I'm not going to use these dependencies in my course. The reason is these are not officially recommended by the spring framework when you go to the start.spring.io. If you look for Lombok, you can see there is a dependency that you can add with the help of this website, which means this is officially recognized by the spring framework, whereas the maps tracked are any other mapper libraries, they are not officially recognized and I'm sure your client or your architect or your leads, they may not agree to bring these dependencies into your microservices because these are open source and we never know if there is some security issues with these libraries. You can also see these website does not have official certificate as well. I'm not blaming these libraries. I'm just saying please be cautious using these libraries. If your client and if your Project lead is accepting that, please go ahead and use them, learning them and using them also is super, super easy. But for now, I'm not going to use them. I'm going to use the old style like where I have the complete control. Like think of a scenario where maybe when I want to send this mobile number to one of the client, I don't want to send the complete mobile number, I only want to send the mobile number by masking it and displaying only the last four digits. Such kind of logic or serialization logic. We can write inside this CustomerMapper where this kind of flexibility you may not have with these two libraries. I hope this is clear. Now, we have discussed a lot inside this lecture. Let's try to take a break, come back after five minutes, and I'm going to continue this discussion in the next lecture. Thank you, Bye.