As of now inside our Accounts Microservice we have REST API supporting create account and fetch account. Now as a next step we can build one more REST API that will allow my client application to update the account details inside my database so my clients application, they can send this entire data as an request to the update API. So whenever they're trying to invoke this, get API based upon mobileNumber, they will get all these customer and account details. They can pass the same data to the update  API patch while passing these data. They can change any of these data except account number, because based upon my business logic, once the account number is generated, I don't want to give a flexibility to my end user to update the account number. You can update the name, email, mobileNumber, he can update his account type, he can update branch address, anything he can update, but not the account number. So I hope you are clear with the requirements. Now let's go to the code. Here inside the IAccountService interface. First, I need to create an abstract method that supports update account functionality. So I'm creating a new abstract method here. So I have pasted here just to save some time. The method name is going to be update account and it is going to return a boolean value indicating whether the update operation is successful or not. And this is going to accept the CustomerDto as an input, which we are going to receive from the client application. Now inside this AccountService, we need to override this method. So let me put the cursor towards the end post that I can go to the top and run this compilation error and click on this implement methods. So this will generate a new empty method at the place where I have put cursor. So now inside this method I'm going to copy some lines of code post that we can discuss. I'm doing this just to save some time because we already comfortable with all the mapping logic, spring data logic that we have discussed, very similar logic we are going to write. You can also get this logic from the GitHub repo. Like you can see here, I have pasted the required code. So first I'm having a boolean value which is declared as false post that I'm trying to first get the AccountsDto from the CustomerDto which I have received from these accounts. I'm checking if it is not null then using the AccountsDto I'm trying to fetch the account number that I received from the client application. First using the account number, I'm trying to fetch the accounts record because like we discussed, we are not allowing the end user to change the account number. That's why I'm trying to consider account number as the search criteria here. And since the account number is the primary key inside my Accounts entity, I can use findById() method available inside the spring data JPA framework. So whenever we are using findById, my spring data JPA framework will go for the Accounts entity and it will look what is the primary key column. This is the primary key column because we have mentioned @Id, So with this logic it is going to fetch the account details based upon the account number. If there is no record, we are throwing this ResourceNotFoundException with the details that you can see on the screen. Once we have these Accounts entity class fetched from the database based upon the account number, we are populating all the data from the dto two Accounts entity object. Using this mapper(). So all the data that we receive from the end user will be inside the accounts. The same will be transferred into the accounts. Here you may have a question like if my end user or my client application send a account number inside, the same will be copied over to the Accounts entity. That's fine because this logic will get executed only if there is an record inside the database with a given account number. So if we try to give a different account number, he will never be able to fetch a record from the database. So that's why it's fine. But if you want, you can put a logic inside this mapped.accounts to not set this account number based upon some boolean value or based upon some condition. But for now I just wanted to keep it simple. Once we have these data populated from these dto to accounts object, I'm simply passing to the save() method inside the AccountsRepository. And with this line we are saving the updated data into the database and the same is going to be returned again into these Accounts object. Post that with this Accounts object. I'm going to get the customerId using the customerId, I'm invoking the findById() and passing the same customerId to the CustomerRepository. Since the customerId is the primary key inside my customer table, findById() method should work. If there is no record, we are going to throw ResourceNotFoundException, but if there is a record first, we are trying to get the record from the database which is present based upon the customerId post that we are invoking this mapper()method and this method will transfer all the updated data from dto to Customer, and at last we are invoking the save(). So save() is a very smart method inside the spring data JPA. If we don't find any primary key values inside the given entity object, it is going to simply do the insert operation. Otherwise it is going to perform the update operation based upon the primary key value that we shared inside these entity Pojo class. Once all this operation is completed, we are setting, is updated, is equal to true and we are returning the same to the controller layer. I hope this is clear. Please take a pause and try to understand and digest this information. Now as a next step, let's go to the controller layer, which is AccountsController. Here also, I'm going to create a new method that supports the update operation. So let me paste the code related to the new method. The reason I'm trying to paste all this code is we already know all this logic. You can get this code from the GitHub repo. I want to save some time because we have a lot of interesting stuff to discuss about the actual microservices architecture and challenges. So let's try to wrap all these changes related to microservices and rest APIs quickly. So here you can see this is a method with the name update account details that supports the operation /update. And this is going to return the ResponseDto inside Response entity. And to this method we are going to accept CustomerDto with the help of this RequestBody annotation and here we are invoking IAccountService.update account with the CustomerDto input object. And if the boolean is true, that means the update operation is successful. We are sending a response saying that okay, 200 and message as 200 which indicates request to process two successfully, whereas if the boolean is false for some reason we are sending the status as internal server error with the status 500 and the message saying that an error occurred, please try again or contact dev team. So with these changes we should be good. Let me save this changes. Do a build with the build my dev tools will restart my application. That means I will lose all the data present inside my database. So let's try to recreate the data quickly here. I'm trying to create the account. I'm taking the same mobile number and trying to fetch the details with the get operation. Now I'll take this response and I'll go to these update account details. And here you can see we are trying to invoke /api/update with the put operation and I'm going to paste the same content that we received previously, but here I'm going to change few details. Like instead of Madan Reddy, I'll say Madan Mohan post that instead of tutor I can say madan@eazybytes and mobile number Also I'm going to change to 88 and account type I'll change to current and address. Also I'll change to 1 to 4. Off course we can't change the account number, so let me click on the send button so you can see I'm getting a response saying that 200 request passes successfully. Now if I go to the get API and try to fetch the records based upon the latest mobile number, which is this is the one I'm trying to send. So if I try to send, you can see I'm getting the updated name, updated email, updated mobile number, account type and branch address. So this confirms it is working perfectly. Let's try to test a negative scenario. So the negative scenario is going to be I'm going to give a account number that does not exist. So let me click on the send button. You can see I'm getting an error response saying that account not found with a given account number so and so is the value. So with this, the update API operation inside accounts microservice is also completed. But before I try to close this lecture, let me give you a small bug that we have inside our code. As of now, if you go and check the H2 console inside our database, we updated both account and customer, but when we are updating this updatedAt and updatedBy is not getting updated because we are not populating these values manually while we are trying to save the records into the database. So don't worry about this bug. I'm going to make few auditing related changes where all these createdAt and createdBy , updatedAt and updatedBy will be automatically taken care by the spring Data JPA framework. For now, let's bear this small bug for few lectures post that I'm going to fix this in the coming lectures. I hope you are clear in the next lecture. Let's target the delete API. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.