As a next step, we need to implement one more standard inside our AccountsMicroservice, which is documenting all our REST APIs that we have developed so far. Here you may have a question like why should I document my own REST APIs? I know everything about them. I built my own REST APIs. I don't want to again document my REST APIs. To some extent you can live with that argument, but as soon as you start exposing your REST APIs and microservices for external agencies or to some other team inside your organization who are supposed to consume your microservices or REST APIs, think like there is an UI team or there is a mobile application team. They want to consume your backend logic with the help of your REST APIs or microservice. These kind of scenarios, they will have lot, many questions. The questions are like what is the request format that you are going to accept? What is the response format that they are going to receive? What are the validations that you have enforced inside your REST APIs? To some extent you can answer these questions by scheduling a meeting, and inside the meeting you can discuss everything about your REST APIs and you think you are good with that. But in long run, think about the pain process that you have to go through. If more and more third party applications are more and more other developers, they are trying to consume your REST APIs and even you may receive such requests from the testing team also. What is the request format? What is the response format? What is the validations that you have? So all these questions will make your life tough and you need to repeat and share this information every time someone asks you. Instead, it will be a good idea to document our REST APIs by following a industry standard. Let's try to understand how to document our REST APIs. The standards that we need to follow here is Open API specification. Open API is a open source community who maintain how to document our Http APIs like REST APIs that provides a standardized means to define your API to others. So whoever is trying to consume your REST APIs or whoever is trying to test your REST APIs, they can quickly discover how an API works. They can configure infrastructure, they can also generate client code, server code and create test cases from your APIs quickly. Whenever you document your REST APIs by using these open API specification. Here you might be under the assumption this is a very complex task and to document my REST service it need a lot of time. That's not correct. It is going to be super, super easy. With the help of the library called Spring Doc Open API. If you go to this website which is springdoc.org, it has all the details and it has all the steps that you need to follow to get started with documentation of our REST APIs. oSo let's try to explore more about these springdoc-openapi. If you can scroll down, there is a getting started page where you can simply add a maven dependency into your spring boot web application or microservice web application. And behind the scenes it is going to scan all your REST APIs and prepare the documentation for your rest APIs based upon the open API specification. And it is also going to provide you an swagger UI using which anyone can understand your REST APIs, the details about your REST APIs and the validations that you have enforced everything. As a next step, let's try to add this dependency into our pom.xml, let me copy this dependency and this dependency is going to work only if you are using a spring boot version which is greater than or equal to 3.0. For some reason, if you are building your microservice with an older version of spring boot, then you need to use a different version of Openapi specification, which is spring.openapi v1.7.0. So you can see this version is going to support all the spring boot versions, which has a version of 2.x and 1.x. Since we are using a spring boot three c.x version, we need to make sure we are using this dependency. So let me take this and I'll go to the pom.xml inside my pom.xml just after this Lombok related dependency, I'm going to add my new dependency related to springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-ui. Please make sure you are validating this version number with the code present inside the GitHub repo. In future, If there is a new version released for spring doc Openapi. I'm going to update the same inside the GitHub repo. So once we add this dependency please load the maven changes which will download these new dependencies that we have added. With this we should be good, let me save these changes and do a build. Once the build is completed, we can try to start our application. Since we added a new dependency, please make sure you are restarting your application. So let me click on this debug icon that I have here. Which will start my application at the default port 8080. So as a developer, I have not done anything. I simply added a springdock-openapi dependency inside our pom.xml. So now let's try to see the magic that it is going to do behind the scenes. I'm trying to open a path which is localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html. So as soon as I tried to access this page, you can see this is a beautiful documentation about my REST APIs that I have built inside the AccountsMicroservice, the server URL populated from the root of our application. So you can see inside AccountsController. We have defined four different type of REST APIs and these are the REST API paths for all of these APIs that we have inside controller. This supports put operations similarly post, get and delete operation. If you try to open these any of these operation, you will be able to see here that for the put operation there are no parameters which is going to accept it is only going to accept a body which is a mandatory and it is going to accept a Json type. And this is the format that it is going to accept. Someone has to send what is the name, what is the email, what is the mobile number, what is the account number, account type and branch address. By using an separate embedded object which is AccountsDto, you can also click on the schema which will show you the input object schema. If you recall, inside our update operation, we are using CustomerDto as an input object. The same is getting reflected here. Like the name is going to be mandatory and it has a min length and a max based upon our annotations that we have defined and email is going to be mandatory for mobile number the patent is going to support is this is a pattern and similarly it has an embedded object with the name account and it has so many other inner fields. So all this information is coming from our DTO object. If you can open the any of the object like AccountsDto or CustomerDto inside these DTOs, we have defined all these annotations using which we are trying to perform input validations. The same information is being converted into the documentation so that anyone right now can understand about my REST APIs so they will know which fields are mandatory, what is the format, what are the validations that we have? And very similarly, they will also know what is the response they can expect when these operation invocation is successful. Like for this update operation, we are going to return a code 200 with the description okay. And the ResponseBody going to have statusCode and statusMessage. So very similarly, you can also validate post operation, which is going to accept a schema of type CustomerDto and here also we are going to return a sample status code and status message. Now coming to the API fetch, which is a get operation for these, we are going to accept the request with the help of a query param which is of type mobile number and mandatory. And you can see this is a mobile number. And very similarly we also have the what is the response format. Here the response format, you can see we are going to send with the help of the schema, which is CustomerDto and the same example structure is populated here. Very similarly for delete also we are going to accept a query param with the name mobile number and the response is going to be simply status code and status message. Towards the end you are going to see a schema section where you can see all the request and response objects that your Rest API is going to use inside a microservice. So here AccountsDto we know what is the structure and similarly CustomerDto we know what is the structure. And ResponseDto we also know what is a structure. So based upon all these documentation, anyone can easily understand about my REST APIs, you can simply give this URL to them. They can analyze if needed. They can also use this try it out option here like they can directly test by sending some mobile number and clicking on execute. They'll get a response saying that so-and-so is invalid because there is no customer found with a given input mobile so they can actually test from this page itself on a high level. You can see there are many advantages documenting your REST APIs. So this is enough to get started with the documentation of your REST APIs and microservices. So please, please make sure at least your documenting by simply adding this maven dependency inside your microservices. I see many times even senior developers, they ignore this important step and they will struggle a lot when they deploy their microservices into production and someone is trying to consume their services. After going through all this pain process, they will come to know about this open API specification and swaggerui. Then only they are going to add these dependency. You don't have to follow that pain process. You are my student. You are taking this course and you have that advantage and you have all the knowledge how to achieve this. So this is a very quick way of getting started. But sometimes we want to be more professional about our spring boot REST API documentation. Like you can see a lot of information is missing. Like we are displaying all technical information like controller name and similarly we are displaying the CustomerDto, which is a technical name of our object and there are no example values like we are just saying the name can be String, email can be String, AccountType can be a String branch address can be a String. We are not providing any example data to the clients. When you provide the example data, it will be more clear to the developers and client applications who are trying to consume your REST APIs. That's why we should use few of the annotations available inside the Spring Doc Open API Library. Using these annotations we can try to enhance this documentation further and will make it look very professional and production ready. So that's a target that we have for the next lecture. I hope you are enjoying this. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.