We decided to improve our REST API documentation further. For the same, first, I want to target this the top section. So as of now you can see this section does not have any much information about what is the purpose of my REST APIs that I'm trying to expose here. What is the summary? What is the description? Is there any contact information? Is there any licensing information? If someone has such questions, they can always check that kind of information inside my documentation itself. So let's try to document these details with the help of few annotations that we have. For the same, we need to go to the location where our Springboot main class is present. Here we have AccountsApplication. This is the main class. Here we need to mention an annotation with the name Openapi Definition. We are trying to provide the definition details with the help of open API. That's why we need to use this annotation. Using this annotation we need to invoke a param which is info and to this info param we should again invoke an annotation which is @Info. Using this annotation I can populate what is the title of my springboot documentation. So using this title you can mention a short summary about your REST APIs. So here I'm going to mention something like Accounts Microservice REST API Documentation. In real projects you can mention whatever makes sense to you based upon your business application. After this title, we can also mention description. Using this description, we can provide a good description about our REST APIs. Here also, I'm going to mention a description saying that EasyBank Accounts Microservice REST API Documentation. And post that, we can also mention version. As of now I'm trying to build a version v1 so if you are trying to build a new version, you can always change to v2, v3 based upon your business requirements. Post that I can also invoke contact param and to this contact param, since this is going to accept multiple information, we need to first invoke the Contact annotation available inside the spring doc library. So to this Contact annotation we can pass multiple details. These details are like what is the name of the person to whom you can try to contact whenever you have some questions or any issues with these documentation or with the REST APIs. So here I'm just mentioning my name very similarly we can mention what is the email of this person, and this information don't have to be an individual information always. You can define an email of your team. It's up to you what kind of information you want to mention here and the name and email. Similarly, we can also mention what is a URL information where people can try to reach out to you. So here I'm just mentioning my website, which is eazybytes.com. Once we provide all this contact information, we can also provide license information. Because in real project we should also provide license details whether our REST APIs are free to use or you have any license restrictions. So so such kind of information you can always mention with the help of these License annotation and linside this License annotation we can invoke name parameter. So here I'm just passing the name as Apache 2.0, which is the licensing that I want to follow. After this name, we can also provide URL details where people can try to read more about your licensing details. So for now I'm just mentioning my website URL. So these are all sample data that I'm mentioning here, but I hope you understand in real project you should use something which is relevant to your project and your organization. Once we mention all these Info information, you can see under this info we have mentioned title, description, version, contact and license details. We can also mention external documentation details. For example, if people want to learn more about our REST APIs, more about our business. So in such scenarios we can provide some external documentation that people can read in case if they want to gain more knowledge about our REST APIs and application. So here I'm trying to mention some description. The description is going to be EasyBank Accounts, Microservice REST API Documentation and post that we should also mention the URL details where people can read more about your REST APIs and your organization business. So here I'm just mentioning some dummy URL. So with this way we can provide many other details. Like if you if you can try to see what other details that we can mention, we can mention security details like what security that you follow. We can provide server details like URL details where our REST APIs are hosted, so we can provide tax information, extension details. So this is all advanced concepts inside Openapi specification which need its own discussion. If you want to know everything about Openapi specification and swagger ecosystem. You can enroll one of my course inside Udemy focusing on open API specification and swagger. With this changes, we should be good from these main class which is AccountsApplication. So let me save this changes. Do a build. Once the build is completed I can go and refresh my swagger ui HTML. So here, as of now you can see this entire section is empty. So let me refresh this page and this time you can see I have an beautiful title description and contact details to whom they can send an email, they can visit a website and this is the licensing information and this is the external documentation information. This way we enhance this section, which is common for all our REST APIs. Now, as a next step, we should also enhance this documentation present. Under this controller, we should not display technical information like our class name and similarly, we are trying to display the host name, which is not good. On top of that, we should also provide some example data to our clients so that they can easily understand our REST APIs. We can try to enhance this documentation further in the next lecture before we try to close this lecture I just wanted to share one more important information about the Spring Boot main class, which is AccountsApplication. So whenever you see this annotation, it indicates that this is a main class of US spring boot web application or microservice. So as of now you can see all my packages I have created as a sub packages where my spring boot main class is present. My spring boot main class is present inside a package with the name com.eazybytes.accounts and all my remaining packages I have created inside them as a sub package. And this is the most recommended approach. For some reasons if you are not following the standard like you are creating this controller package somewhere outside this package. So in such scenarios it is mandatory to mention details to spring boot where your controllers are, where your repositories are, where your entity classes. So all such information we are supposed to pass using certain annotations. So these annotations I'm going to mention for your reference, like you can see using ComponentScan, we need to mention all the packages where our beans are present. Like here under the controller we have beans and similarly we also have beans inside the service package. So all those packages we need to repeat with the help of this ComponentScan annotation inside these ComponentsScan annotation and similarly you need to mention where all your repositories are present like JpaRepositories and JpaEntities. So here I have commented these annotations because I don't need to mention them. Reason is I maintain these packages as a sub package inside my main package where my AccountsApplication is present. I hope this is clear. I always recommend you to follow this approach, for some reason if you are creating your classes, beans, repositories and entities in a different package, then please please make sure you are using these annotations. Otherwise your code is not going to work. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.