In this lecture, let's try to enhance our documentation of REST APIs further. So as of now, you can see I'm showing a AccountsController, which is a technical name, and there is no description about all the APIs that I have under this controller. So you can see if I click on this, all the APIs will be closed. And very similarly, if I can open these, I'll have more details about each of the REST APIs. So if you have multiple controllers, you can close all of them like these and you can open and it is your responsibility to provide some good information about what is the purpose of the REST APIs that you have hosted under this controller are under this section, so let's try to enhance this further. For the same, you need to go to the AccountsController class where we have this REST APIs. So here in order to provide some information which is specific to all the APIs present inside this controller class, we need to use an annotation which is @Tag. So let me try to use the same. So this annotation is also present inside the package of swagger and open APIs Spring Dock. So let me use this. And to this we can pass name using this name can provide some basic summary about all the APIs present inside this controller class. So here I'm just mentioning a summary saying that crud REST APIs for accounts in EasyBank. So this is what I want to provide here. Post that, we can also provide a description. So let me try to provide a description here. The description that I'm trying to mention here is crud REST APIs in EasyBank to create, update, fetch and delete account details. So now this makes sense to me. Let me save this changes. Do a build. with that, the rest API documentation also will get reflected inside my swaggerUI. So as of now you can see you are seeing only AccountsController, which is a technical name. So if I try to refresh this page, you'll be able to see a beautiful name and description. This is more professional to the clients so they can easily understand. Under this section I have four REST APIs and the purpose of these four APIs are to handle the create update, fetch and delete operations. So now we provided a documentation about the controller layer. Similarly, we can also provide information at each api level. What is this API is supposed to do? What is the summary? What is the description? So all such information we can also mention for the same, we need to go to the method where we have developed these API inside the controller here, inside this class. First, I'm going to provide documentation for my post API, which is create. So the annotation that we need to use here is @Operation. Since this is a API operation, we need to use this annotation and to this annotation first, we need to invoke summary, which is a parameter inside this annotation. And to this summary I'm going to mention something like Create Account REST API. Post this, we can also mention what is the description about this operation or API. So the description that I want to mention here, REST API to create new Customer and Account inside EasyBank. This will give more details to my client applications or end users. So now let me save this changes to a build here. As of now you can see for the post API nothing is visible like we're just showing the path. If I try to refresh this page this time you'll be able to see more information about my API. This is a summary like createAccount REST API and this is the description that we have mentioned and we also have good details about RequestBody coming to the Response, you can see it is always going to show you default 200 and okay with the default of schema value that we have inside the ResponseDto, which is status code and status message. But here inside the code we are returning a 201 and different message, which is specific to 201. So how should we communicate this information to the REST API Documentation? For the same, we can use one more annotation which is @ApiResponse. And to this ApiResponse annotation, we can pass response code using this response code I'm going to mention 201 which will override the default value of 200 that we are seeing inside the documentation. Post that we can also mention a description about this 201. So this 201 indicates HttpStatus.CREATED. So with this we should be good. Let me save this changes. Do a build. Once the build is completed, I'm going to refresh this page and this time you can see the response is also accurate like I'm going to return a status as 201 and description as HttpStatus.CREATED. And this is the application Json schema format like status code and status message. So this makes sense. We enhance this post API. Similarly, let's try to enhance other APIs that we have. So just to save some time here, let me try to pay some annotations here so that we can discuss quickly. You can also get this code from GitHub. So for this fetch, you can see I have used the same operation and the ApiResponse under which I have mentioned the summary, description, responseCode and description. So very similarly we can mention details for update as well. So for update I'm also pasting the code like under operation there will be a summary with the value Update Account Details REST API and there is also a description. Now coming to the update operation. We are going to return two types of responses. If you see the code here, if the boolean is true, we are going to return 200. Otherwise we are going to return 500. So how do we communicate these kind of multiple responses possible inside documentation. For the same It's going to be super simple. You need to use @ApiResponses, which is a plural form of ApiResponse annotation, and inside this plural form annotation we can pass any number of API response annotation which are separated by comma. So please make sure you are using these structure and syntax. So here I have created two annotations for one for 200 and the second one for 500. Now let me do the same for delete operation as well. So here I'm pasting some lines of code like using operation, I'm mentioning what is a summary in description and for ApiResponses I have defined 205 hundred just like for update operation. So with this we have provided all the details inside our APIs. So let me save this changes do a build. Once the build is completed, I can go to the swagger UI. So here I'm going to refresh this page and you can see all of my APIs, they have a summary and if I try to open any of them like update REST API, you can, you will be able to see a description and under responses here you can see I have two different responses, one for 200 and the second one is for 500. So this will give an heads up to my clients and developers or testers. These are the possible responses that you may get and accordingly develop your business logic. So we have enhanced our APIs as well. But as a next step, we should also enhance our schema objects, like as of now we're displaying technical name, which is accounts and there is no sample or example data. If I provide some example data, the same will be reflected inside my operations also, as of now you can see the example name is coming as String, which is indicates to my Customers and clients that you are supposed to send a String value, but it will be nice if you give an actual name as an example that will make more clear to them. So let's try to enhance the schema object in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.