As of now, we completed the development of 
AccountsMicroservice business logic, along with the standards that we have discussed. As a next step, I want you to try building Cards and Loans Microservice with very similar standards that we have discussed and followed for 
AccountsMicroservice. First, you need to create an empty spring boot application with the required dependencies from the start.spring.io. Once you downloaded that spring boot web application, you should start implementing various standards and various features like h2 database, creating the entities and JPA repositories, implementing Dto pattern, writing, the Crud operation APIs, building the exception handling logic, and also implementing auditing functionality and documenting your REST APIs. So these are all the standards that we discussed and followed. Please make sure you are also building these inside the Cards and Loans Microservice. And I know here, while building Cards and Loans, 
Microservice, you may have many questions like what is the table name, what are the column names? What are the field names? What is the class name method name. So this way you have many questions. That's why I don't want you to get stressed. Always refer the code present inside the GitHub repo. If you see this is the GitHub repo that I have mentioned in the starting like github.com/easybites/microservice here, as of now I have uploaded section 2 related code and if you can open this section 2 inside this, we have Accounts, Cards and Loans Micro service. For example, if you want to get started with the 
Loans Microservice, please open the code here and try to understand what is a database schema. If you open the schema.sql here inside this Microservice, I only want to create one table with the name loans and it is going to have all these columns like loan ID is going to be the primary key and is going to be created automatically. Similarly, mobile_number, loan_number, loan_type, total_loan ,amount_paid outstanding_amount. And similarly, if you can go to the application.yml, you will have all the required details for the Loans, Please follow the port 8090 and very similarly for Cards, please follow the port 9000. This way you can refer all the classes and packages available inside this GitHub repo and try to build the Microservices of Loans and Cards with the same naming conventions, with the same standards, with the same methods and with the same field names. That's where in the coming sections when I try to make some more changes on the Loans and Cards Microservice your code and my code will look similar. I just want you to build Loans and Cards, Microservice and I'm perfectly fine. Even if you building this Microservice by taking the code or by copying the code from the GitHub, I want you to understand the process and the standards by doing yourself. So please try building these Cards and Loans, 
Microservice and inside these GitHub repo you can also see I have uploaded the postman collection Json. This Json you can download and you can try to import inside the postman. And very similarly, if you scroll down, I have mentioned all the important links so far we have discussed. This is the spring boot link, this is the start.spring.io 
Dto pattern blog and this is the Spring Doc website and open API specification website. So I'm going to maintain all important information inside this GitHub repo itself. I hope you are clear with the ask and the assignment. Please try by yourself and I'm going to explain all the code present inside this Microservice in the coming lectures. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.