I hope you are successful at building the loans and cards microservice. If not, don't worry. I'm going to explain about these microservices very quickly inside this lecture, but please download the code from the GitHub repo and set up the same inside your IDE as well, so that at least you can test these microservices with the help of postman. By passing some input and validating all the operations are working or not. Inside this lecture, first I'm going to explain you loans microservice first. Like you can see inside the palm Dot XML. I have followed all the same naming conventions like I have used this version and group ID is com dot easy bytes. Artifact ID for loans is loans, whereas for accounts we have used as accounts and the name is also going to be loans. And this is the description. And I have used Java 17 version. And you can see I have used the same maven dependencies like actuator spring data, JPA starter validation, spring boot starter, web dev tools, H2 database project, Lombok and the class we have Spring Doc, OpenAPI Starter Project and by default you will get the Spring Boot Starter Test whenever you are trying to create a Spring Boot Web application. So post this we can go to the application dot Yaml to validate the H2 related changes. So inside the application dot Yaml for loans, please make sure you are using the port 8090 throughout this course for loans, the port we are going to use is 8090. That's why please don't try to give different port number. Otherwise you may need to change lot many configurations, docker files, Kubernetes files in the coming sections. And we have provided the H2 related properties like what is the URL driver class name, user name, password is to console enabled as true and database platform as H2 dialect and DDL auto as update and show SQL as true. This week, everything copied from accounts microservice only the port number will change, which is 8090. Now I'm opening the schema dot SQL. You can see inside loans microservice. I'm going to have only single table with the name loans. The reason why I'm not creating a customer table is I already created a customer table inside the accounts microservice. What I'm going to do is inside all the microservices, I'm going to have a mobile number and using the same mobile number of the customer which is created inside the accounts microservice, we can create a loans record. We can also create a cards record inside the cards microservice. So you can see the structure of this loans database table is the loan ID is going to be primary key. Post that mobile number followed by what is the loan number which we are going to generate using a business logic. What is the loan type? What is the total loan amount? What is the amount paid so far? What is the outstanding amount. And these are the four metadata columns. Now for this database table we need to create the JPA entities and repositories. If you can open these entity package. As usual there is a base entity class with all the metadata related columns. And along with that I have also mentioned the auditing related columns like created at created by last modified date and last modified by. So next I'll go to the loans entity. So inside this loans entity very similar to accounts. This is also going to extend base entity. And since loan ID we decided to have as an primary key, we are giving this responsibility of generating the primary key value every time to the Spring Data JPA framework. That's why we need to mention these two annotations. And with the help of this update ID, we are making sure this is acting as a primary key and post that these are the fields representing each of the column inside that database, and I have not used at the date column because the field names and the column names are matching that reason. We don't have to mention the other date column annotation. As a next step, we need to make sure we are creating details for these entities. So like you can see error response data which is very similar to accounts coming to the loans DTO. Inside this we have fields like mobile number, loan number, loan type, total loan amount paid and outstanding amount. Since I don't want to expose the primary key column which is loan ID, that's why I have not mentioned the loan ID related field inside the duo. I only want to send business related information, but not technical information to my clients. That's one of the advantage that we have with the duo pattern. Apart from these fields, you can also observe that I have also used the open API specification related annotations like other schema and very similarly, I have also mentioned validations with the help of annotations like not empty pattern. And here there are new annotations like at the rate positive, which will make sure we are accepting only positive numbers. Even zero also is not allowed whenever you are using positive and very. Similarly, we also have an annotation with the name positive or zero. Whenever we are using this validation annotation, that means we are okay to accept zero and greater than zero values, but not the negative numbers. I hope you are clear after this. As usual, we need to go to the country. Class inside the controller class. First, I make sure I have used the accurate Rest controller annotation, followed by what is the request mapping for this? Also, the prefix is going to be API and these APIs are also going to produce Json format. After that you can see I have injected loan service related been into this controller and there are four different APIs. Inside these controller class there is a create loan which will accept the mobile number based upon the mobile number, it is going to create a new loan. Please make sure you are giving the same mobile number that you have used for accounts micro service. Because in coming sections using the same mobile number, we are going to fetch all the records present inside the accounts, loans and cards. Micro service by using various concepts available inside the Spring Cloud project. So this is the story of Create Loan. Now coming to the fetch loan details using the mobile number. It is going to fetch the loan details from the database, and it is going to return the same to the client application and post that. We also have update operation with the name update loan details. And this is going to accept a loan studio as an request body. And using these all the loans details will be updated in the database. And once the update operation is successful, we are going to return 200. Otherwise we are going to return the status as expectation failed with the status 417 and the corresponding message. And at last we also have delete operation with the name delete loan details that is going to accept mobile number as the input and based upon the input, we are going to fetch the loan details and delete them. Once the delete operation is successful, we are going to send the 200 response. Apart from this business logic, I'm also assuming you observe these OpenAPI specification related annotations like API response operation. So this is going to be very similar to what we have discussed for Accounts Micro Service only. Make sure you are changing the summary description which is specific to Loans Micro service. As a next step, let's go to the loan service impl. So here I'm going to open the I'm p l and this implementation class is going to implement an interface which is I loan service. And this is very similar to I account service. So it has four methods like create loan fetch loan update loan and delete loan. So these abstract methods we have implemented inside these implementation class. And for this class we have auto add the loans repository. If you go and check the loans repository here we have defined two custom methods like find by mobile number and find by loan number. Like you know the primary key inside the loans is loan ID. So whenever we have such scenarios where we want to fetch loan records based upon mobile number and loan number, we need to make sure we are using these custom methods that we have defined inside the loans repository. Now going to the loan service. Simple. Here we have create loan and inside this create loan. First we are trying to understand if there are any existing loan details with the given mobile number. If there is any. We are throwing an business exception which is loan already exists exception. So this is very similar to accounts already exist. Exception. If there is no loan available with a given mobile number, we are going to create a new loan by calling the save method. And to this save method we are invoking this create new loan method where all the details for the new loans is going to be populated. You can see I'm generating a random two digit number here, because that I'm setting the same loan number to the loan object, followed by what is the mobile number? What is the loan type? By default, I'm setting the loan type as home loan and the total loan by default I'm trying to give 100 K dollar or 100 K whatever currency you are using. I'm not sure if you are aware of this format where we can use underscore inside numerical values. This is a new feature that got introduced in Java seven or Java eight. So to improve the readability we can mention underscore values like this. But behind the scenes, when my JVM is trying to convert these Java code into byte code, it is going to remove these underscore values. This is amounts that I'm trying to provide for the total loan amount. And initially the amount paid is going to be zero and outstanding amount will be 100 K -0 which will be the same which is new loan amount. So once the loan is created, save operation will be successful. And if you go and observe right now which loan method here based upon the mobile number, we are trying to fetch the loan details. If there is no loan details we are throwing resource not found exception, but if there is a loan available we are going to get the object the entity object form, but we need to convert that into a duo form. That's why I'm using these loans mapper class and invoking these map to loans DTO. So just like how we have accounts mapper very similarly here also we have these map methods which is going to accept loans entity and it is going to convert to loans duo. So this way the fetch loan is going to work. And coming to the update loan. We are trying to fetch the loan details with the help of a loan number. Since loan number cannot be changed, we are trying to fetch the details with the help of loan number. Once we fetch the details, we will try to convert that into loans. Entity object with the help of this mapper map to loans. So the input is going to be the result DTO and the destination object is going to be whatever we fetched from the database with the help of loan number. If you are not able to identify any records, we are going to throw these resource not found exception. At last we are going to invoke the save method, since there is already an record inside the database with the given primary key value, the same method internally is going to do the update operation instead of insert operation. At last, we are going to return a boolean with the value true and delete loan is going to be super, super simple. First, we are trying to fetch based upon the mobile number. If there is no record, we are throwing resource not found exception. But if there is a loan record we are trying to delete by ID and to this delete by ID, we are passing the what is the primary key value. And this primary key value is loan ID, which we fetched from the database by using the find by mobile number method. This way we implemented all the business logic and all the packages are similar. There is a very simple which is going to insert the order name as loans underscore microservice, and there is a constant file with all the relevant constant fields. And we also have exception package where we have global exception handler where we have tried to handle all the input validation failures runtime exceptions with this exception handler. So most of the stuff is very similar to accounts microservice. And I hope it is very, very clear to you. Now as a next step I can go to the loans application. This is my main spring boot class. You can also see that there is a Spring Boot application annotation here. I will try to start the application in a debug mode. Once the application is started in a debug mode, we can go to the postman and we can try to validate the Rest APIs of loans. Microservice. Do you know at what point my application is going to start? It is going to start at the port 8090. This is what we have followed for the loans microservice. Now I'm onto the postman. Like I said before, you can always import the collection from the GitHub repo. If you import the collection by using this file import option, you will get an collection with the name microservice. And here open the loans folder and inside the loans folder you will be able to see very first one which is create loan. So this is a post operation and this is the API path like localhost 8090 API slash create. And we are going to pass a query param with the mobile number value. So like I said please make sure you are using the same mobile number in accounts loans and cards. So there is no validation. Please, please make sure you are trying to follow that. This is just to make sure our life easy. When you try to integrate all these microservices to get a combined response from all the microservices. So I'm clicking on this send button. You see, I got a response saying that 201 loan created successfully. Now taking the same mobile number I'll go to the fetch loan details. And this is a Get operation with the API path fetch. And to this one I'm going to pass the same mobile number and I'm clicking on the send button. And you'll be able to see this is the mobile number. This is the loan type. Total loan is 100 K. Amount paid is zero. Outstanding amount is 100 K. So now I can take this body inside the response. And I'll go to the update loan details. And here I'm going to paste the body that I have pasted from the previous operation. I'll try to change few details here. Instead of home loan I'll say vehicle loan and amount paid. I'll also make sure I'm mentioning some 10,000 here and outstanding amount obviously will be 90 K which is 90,000. Now if I try to click on the send button, you can see it is working perfectly. If I try to go and fetch the loan details again, you can see this is the amount paid which is ten k and outstanding amount is 90 k. And loan type also is changed to vehicle loan. So this is working perfectly. Before I try to delete the loan details, let's test some negative scenarios like inside the update loans. If I try to give a negative amount for the total loans and amount paid and outstanding amount and low number. Also, I'll try to give some more than 12 digit number if I try to send it. You can see I'm getting all the validation errors, so this is working perfectly even for the fetch loan details. I'll try to give some nine digit mobile number. I'll get a validation error. It is working fine. Now. Instead of giving a valid ten digit number, I'll try to give a invalid ten digit number which does not exist inside our database. So with this mobile number you can see I'm getting a resource not found exception which is loan not found with the given input data mobile number. So this is also working fine. Let me try to fetch again with a valid mobile number I'm able to. Get it here. Now here we can invoke the delete operation and I'm passing the valid mobile number. If I try to click send here you can see the loan details are successfully deleted. If I try to fetch the loan details now, you will be getting a not found exception. So this confirms all our negative scenarios. Exception handling, business logic. Everything is working perfectly like we expect. I hope you are super super clear and super super happy with the progress that we are making. In the next lecture, I'm going to explain very similarly about cards microservice. If you got bored and if you already aware about all these cards microservice, you can skip the next lecture. But if you want to quickly check, I'm fine with that as well. The reason I'm trying to demo all these microservice multiple times is so that all the business logic and the coding standards that we have followed will enter into your subconscious memory. The plan is if I try to explain all these three different microservices like accounts, loans and cards, by the end of the course, each concept, each configuration, we are going to repeat three times. One time I'll be showing in the live, which you can see and observe the information and if needed, you can practice the same with the help of two other microservices like cards and loans. But if you want to sit back and enjoy the course, you can also do that. And I'm going to do the same thing three times in three different microservices. That way this is going to be super, super helpful and you will never forget these concepts. I hope you're clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture by.