Now, inside this lecture I'm going to explain the code and setup of cards. Microservice. Since we already discussed this two times inside the accounts and loans microservice, this one I'm going to explain super, super quick. First you need to validate all the details inside the palm Dot XML. Make sure the artifact ID is cards and the name also is cards. And please also validate all the required dependencies you have added inside the palm Dot XML, especially the H2 database. Once this validation is completed, you can go to the resource folder and at the resources folder first open the applications dot Yaml like you can see. Please make sure you are mentioning the port number as 9000. Just to revise the port numbers for account, it is going to be 8080, and for the loans it is going to be 8090. And for the cards the port number is going to be 9000. And remaining properties. You already know all these are related to the H2 database. After that, inside the schema dot SQL, you can see I have created only single table with the name cards and card ID is going to be the primary key value, which is going to be automatically incremented and taken care by the spring Data JPA mobile number. As usual, we need to maintain card number card type. What is our total limit? What is the amount used? What is the available amount followed by metadata columns? I try to keep all the microservice as simple as possible so that we learn the standards. We learn the process, we learn the all the concepts available inside the microservices technology. We don't want to build a super complex microservice and waste all our time by writing the business logic. Business logic is going to be different for each project, and it is not going to be common for the developers. That's why my humble request is focus on the concepts, focus on the standards. Focus on the approaches that we discussed inside the course. As a next step, you need to make sure all the entities are created. Like you can see, there is a base entity. There is a cards entity inside the cards entity. We have created this card ID as a primary key, and we have mentioned these annotations to automatically generate the primary key value. Followed by these are the columns. And after these please make sure there are also DTO classes to implement the DTO pattern. There is a cards, DTO and error response DTO response to inside the cards DTO. You can see there are schema details. There are validation annotations. There are example values. So all the details are available here. Now moving on to the repository layer. Inside the repository layer we have cards repository where we have defined two different custom abstract methods with the name find by mobile number. Find by card number. Now moving on to the controller class which is cards controller. Here inside my controller there are going to be four different APIs, and we have a request mapping with the path as slash API. And here we have a auto wiring with a cart service. Very first service that we have is create card that is going to accept a input of mobile number. Based upon the mobile number, we are going to issue a new card, or we are going to create a new card inside the database and post that we have a fetch operation using the mobile number. We are going to fetch the card details and we are going to return the same to the client application followed by. There is an update operation with the name update card details. So for the update card details request that we are going to accept is cards DTO. If the update operation is successful, we are going to send the 200 response. Otherwise 417 response. At last we have delete operation and in the delete operation based upon the mobile number, we fetch the card and delete the same. And if the operation is successful, we are going to send 200. Otherwise 417. You can see there is a global exception handler available. There is a card already existing exception available. Resource not found exception available. There is a mapper class which is card mapper and there is a constant file. There is a audit aware mplc file. Now as a last step, let's try to validate card service. I am inside my card service. Simple. I'm going to implement the interface I card service and it is going to have a repository auto wiring with the name cards repository and the create card. You can see first we are trying to validate if there is any existing card with the given mobile number. If yes, then we are going to throw this custom exception. If not, we are going to save the new card that we created with the help of create new card here. Also, I'm trying to generate a random card number of length 12 digits. Post that I'm setting the mobile number, the card type I'm trying to set as credit card. The total limit that we are trying to set here is 100 K, just like how we did for loan. So very similarly here also we are trying to follow 100 K. So let me try to mention underscores here also to improve the readability. So this is okay. Now now the amount used is going to be zero because we are issuing a new card. And the available amount is going to be total limit minus amount used, which will be the same as new card limit and which card is going to work. Similar to fetch loan and fetch account where with the help of mobile number, we try to fetch the card details if there is no card. We are going to throw this resource not found exception. If there is an existing card, we are going to convert that into a DTO and send the data to the controller layer. After this we have update card where first we try to fetch the existing card details with the help of card number. Since the card number is not going to change, we are trying to fetch the card details with the help of card number. If there is no card available, we are going to throw resource not found exception. But if there is a card available, we are trying to convert all the information from the tour to the entity which we loaded from the database and the same entity we are going to send to the save method, which will perform the update operation. Since this cards entity already have an primary key value. Now at last we have delete card operation where we will try to first fetch the card details based upon the mobile number post that will try to delete the card with the help of delete by ID. And to this we are going to pass the primary key value which is card ID. You can also write a custom method which is like delete by mobile number. That approach we followed inside the accounts microservice. And this approach is also is perfectly fine. Just to make sure there is an existing card available with a given number. If not, we are going to throw this exception. If exist, we are going to simply delete it with the help of delete by id. I hope this is super, super clear to you. Now let me do a build. Once the build is completed, I can go to the cards application which is the main class. And here I am going to start the application in debug mode, and this one is going to start at the port 9000. We can also validate the same. So here you can see the server started at the port 9000 as a next step. Now I am going to test all the card related APIs. So for the same please go to the cards folder here. First I am going to click on this create card request or operation. So this is going to accept post method. And this is the mobile number that I want to consider. And you can see API slash create is a path 9000 is the port number. I'm just clicking on the send button. The card is created successfully. That's why I'm getting 201 response. If I go to the fetch card details and try to pass the same mobile number to the fetch API, you will be able to see the card details that I have created just now. So this is the card number. Card type is credit card, total limit is 100 K and amount used is zero and available amount is 100 k. So now I'll take this body inside the response and go to the update card details and paste the same here. Before I try to invoke the update operation, let me try to update. Few card details will change from credit to debit card. After this we can change the amount used to ten k and with that available amount is going to be 90 k. So here I'm just clicking on the send button now and you'll be able to see 200 successful response here. So now if I go and try to fetch the details again you can see the card type is debit card amount used is ten K and available amount is 90 k. I can also test some negative scenarios here. I'll just mention some negative number here and here. And I'll also change this to 13 digit card number. So if I try to send this you will see I'm getting all the validation errors. All my native logic is also working fine. So I'm good with this update operation. Now as a next step I can delete the card details. Before that, let me try to give some invalid mobile number here. So you'll be seeing that I'm getting A404 error. So let me correct the mobile number and try again. This time you should get a successful response. Now if I try to fetch the card details here also, I'll get the not found exception. I'm so happy that our cards microservice is also working fine with this. All our microservices are completely done. When I say done, we have implemented all the standards and business logic that is required for this entire course. Let me quickly validate the swagger UI as well. I have to use a port number as 9000 post that I need to mention. Swagger, hyphen UI slash index dot HTML. So if I try to access you can see I'm getting all the cards related microservice documentation. These are the four APIs that that we are supporting. And there is a card schema. There is a error response. There is a response DTO. So this is also working perfectly. I hope you are clear with all the microservices that we have created. If you have any questions, please explore all the microservices. Take your time like take 4 hours or 8 hours or a day time. Whatever you are comfortable, try to understand each and every line that we have written inside these microservices. Try to set up these microservices in your local IDE. Try to test all the APIs with the postman collection that I have provided, and please make sure everything is working with the H2 database. And these microservices are going to be stepping stone for all the concepts that we are going to discuss inside this course. That's why please, please make sure that these. Microservices are working inside your local system. I hope you are enjoying the course. Take a break. You deserve a break. I'm also deserve a break. I'll be catching you in the next section. Bye!