Now for this section here, I wanna point out right away that as pretty much always when learning something, it's also a good idea to consult the official documentation which you can find if you search for Tanstack Query, because Tanstack Query is an extremely powerful package with lots of features and the official documentation is, of course, the place to learn about all these features. Though I will say that we will cover the majority of these features and all those key important features in this section, of course. Now here you might wanna make sure that you're checking out the latest version of Tanstack Query, because that's the version I'm also using here in this section. At the point of time I'm recording this, that's Version 5, which is currently in beta, but which is likely not in beta anymore when you are viewing this. Now also, as always in this course, this section here comes with a starting project, both a local and a CodeSandbox version, though I wanna point out that this project here actually contains kind of two projects, you could say. It's a standard React project as you know it with a source folder, and then in this case, already a bunch of components since this section isn't really about building all those components, but instead about using them and sending those HTTP requests. So you get kind of a finished project here as a starting project. But besides this React project, you'll also notice that there is a backend folder in this project. And this backend folder contains a separate non-React project that will provide us a dummy backend to talk to. So a backend those requests can be sent to. This is written with Node and ExpressJS, and it's all in one file basically, in this app.js file, which you find in this backend folder. And if you know Node and Express, you can definitely take a look at that code. But you don't need to know NodeJS and ExpressJS, because that's why I am providing this starting project to you so that you don't have to write all this code on your own. But we will of course, work on this React code in this section and add this Tanstack Query library to this project so that we can use it here and so that we can dive into all its core features. Now, if you are following along locally, you should therefore open your terminal and as always, run npm install once to install all those dependencies. But you then also need to do that inside of that backend folder, because that backend project also comes with some dependencies that are needed. And you then need to start two development servers, one for the backend and one for the frontend project. So still in that backend folder you should then run npm start in there to start that backend development server and keep that process up and running as long as you are working in this project. And in a new terminal window, which then should be navigated back into the main project folder, so the overall folder here, you should start your frontend project development server with npm run dev. And that then, as always, allows you to visit that project via that address that's showing up here, so that you should see something like this on the screen. On CodeSandbox, as always, you don't need to install anything and you don't need to run any commands. Instead there it should all already be up and running and it should all work already. And with that, we're now all set up and we're ready to dive into Tanstack Query, why we might want to use it, and how we can use it.