So before we'll start using Tanstack Query in this project here, let's make sure we all understand what exactly Tanstack Query is and why you might want to use it. And I already mentioned it in the first video of this section, Tanstack Query is a library that helps you with sending HTTP requests and keeping your frontend user interface in sync with your backend data. That's the core idea. And it's important to understand that you don't need Tanstack Query to do that. You could do it with useEffect and the fetch function, for example. That's how you learned to do it earlier in this course, and using this approach is also fine in general. But Tanstack Query can vastly simplify your code and therefore also your life as a developer, especially also because it comes with many built in more advanced features which might be needed by more complex React apps and which are relatively difficult and challenging to build on your own. Now, if we dive into this starting project I prepared for you, and there in the src components and then the Events folder, you'll find a New Events section component. And in this component file here you will find the useEffect hook being used to then in the end contain some code that will send an HTTP request to the backend and fetch some events data. And you'll see that in there we're managing some state, the data, which we'll eventually have, a possible error we might be facing and a is loading state to update the UI accordingly. So that we show a loading indicator whilst we're still waiting for the data. That we show an error block if we got an error or that we output that list of events if we got the data. And here I'm just using a custom event item component which the end simply is responsible for outputting these items here. So that's what we're doing here in this component. And what we're doing here, of course, does not need any third party library because we're using features like useState and useEffect that are built into React, and the fetch function that's built into the browser. But whilst this approach here works fine, and as mentioned is fine to use, it has a couple of potential flaws. For example, it's quite a lot of code that we have to write here. We have to write all this code here in the useEffect hook to make sure that we fetch the data and then trigger and set our different states. We have to manage all these states, and we have to do that, basically, in every component that wants to send HTTP requests. Now to be fair, we could simplify this code and reuse code by building a custom hook, though. We could build a custom use HTTP hook for example that in the end contains this code and can then be reused. And that's also something about which you learned earlier in the course already, how you can build custom hooks. But even if we would build such a custom hook this code would still have some problems or missing features to be precise. For example, one feature we might want in this app here, but which we don't have yet, is that if I'm on this website and I then switch to a different tab to do something there and I then come back to this website I might want to trigger a refetch so that behind the scenes we're fetching new data and we're updating the UI if we found out that the data we're currently displaying is outdated. Now, out of the box with the code I have here we don't have that behavior. And it would take us quite a bit of code to write to implement this behavior in a good way. Another feature we might want in this app here could be caching so that the data once fetched is cached, stored in memory, and we can then reuse that data if we need it again. So that for example, if I go to a different page, the View Details page, which currently doesn't work yet, but we'll make it work throughout this section, and I then go back to view all events, we don't have to refetch all that data but instead we maybe use the data we already have in memory and fetch updated data behind the scenes. It's subtle, small features like this which can make an application much better and much more user-friendly. And building all these things from scratch on your own and getting those things right is definitely challenging and can be difficult. And that's where Tanstack Query comes into play because with this library we'll not just be able to get rid of a bunch of code, like this state management here and some other code as well, but we'll also get some advanced features like caching behind the scenes, data fetching, and all those things I just described to make our app better and therefore, let's now get started with Tanstack Query.