In order to start using Tanstack Query, we first of all must install it. And for that I'll open my terminal here, quit the running development server and install it by running npm install @tanstack/react-query. This command will install the latest version of this library and here in my case, I'll also add *@beta to install version five which is the version I'm recording this section with. At the point of time where you are viewing this, you might not need to do this anymore. And you can tell whether you should use *@beta to get version five or not by taking a look at your package.json file after running the NPM install command and if there you see version five, you have the right version. So if you got that version without adding *@beta here in the install command, that is all absolutely fine. Thereafter, you can start that development server again and on CodeSandbox, you add that library by adding it as a dependency in the CodeSandbox project. So there you simply* add @tanstack/react-query. And with that we got Tanstack Query Query installed and we can now get started using it. and I will get started using it here in this NewEventsSection.jsx file. So here where I currently have this custom state management and this useEffect hook and my goal now is to get rid of that code and instead use Tanstack Query. Now to get started here, I'll start by selecting this code here this async fetch events function and I'll cut it here, and add it in a new file in my source folder in a sub folder named util for utility. And in there I'll add a http.js file and I'll paste that code in here and get rid of this setIsLoading command. And the idea here simply is to have all that code that controls how to fetch the data. So how to send that HTTP request with the fetch function and how to extract the response data that all that code, all these functions that take care of that, live in that separate file. And I'll export these functions here. So this fetchEvents function for example, so that we can use it outside of that file because we will soon use it with Tanstack Query as you'll see. So now with that function outsourced here, to use Tanstack Query, I'll go back to the New Events Section file and there I'll get rid of this state management code and I'll get rid of this useEffect hook with the remaining code in there. We can also get rid of this import, therefore, and instead now use the Tanstack Query library for sending that request. For that we should import from *@tanstack/react-query. And from there import the useQuery hook a custom hook built by the Tanstack React Query team. Now we can and must use this hook here in the new events section component and this hook will now behind the scenes send an HTTP request, get us this events data that we need in this section and also give us information about the loading state. So if we are currently sending the request and potential errors. Now to do all that, we of course must configure this hook and we do that by passing an object to useQuery. In this object, we can set various properties and one property we can set is the Query FN property, the Query function property. With this function, you define the actual code that will be executed that will send the actual request and that's really important. Tanstack Query does not come with some built-in logic to send HTTP requests. Instead it comes with logic for managing those requests, for keeping track of the data and the possible errors that are yielded by these requests and so on. The code for sending the requests must come from your side. You define that code and you can define the code however you want. Here I'm using the builtin fetch function to send a request. I could also be using axios another third party library here. I can do whatever I want. Technically, I don't even have to send a request here because all useQuery wants is a function that returns a promise. That is its requirement here. So therefore now here in this new events section file I can and should now import this fetchEvents function we outsourced into this http.js file. So I import this from going up one level, going up another level and then diving into the util folder and there http.js and it's now this fetchEvents function at which I wanna point here as a value for the Query FN property. So that fetch events will be executed by Tanstack Query to fetch my data. So that's the first step. But there also is another property you should add here and that's the Query key property because when using useQuery, every Query, every fetch request you are sending, so every get HTTP request you are sending in the end also should have such a Query key which will then internally be used by React Query by Tanstack Query as it's called now to cache the data that's yielded by that request so that the response from that request could be reused in the future if you are trying to send the same request again and you can configure how long data should be stored and reused by React Query. And you'll learn more about this later but this is of course a super important mechanism because this makes sure that data can be shown to the user quicker if you already have it because it doesn't need to be refetched all the time. So that's why every Query needs such a key. And that key is actually an array. An array of values which are then internally stored by React Query such that whenever you are using a similar array of similar values, React Query sees that and is able to reuse existing data. So here we could for example add a string value as a first element to this array and give this an identifier of events but this is totally up to you. And as you will also see later, again the key here could contain multiple values and you are not limited to just using strings here. You could also have objects in there or a nested arrays or other kinds of values. Either way, this is now the finished useQuery configuration. We have a function and an identifier which will be used for reusing the data later. And now we'll get something back from useQuery and that something will be an object. An object on which we can use object destructuring to pull out the elements that are most important to us. For example, to pull out the data property that will exist on that object returned by useQuery, and that will be a property which holds the actual response data as a value. So that data, which in the end is returned by your custom fetching function, that data is what will end up in this data property as a value once this Query is done. But of course it will not be done instantly, instead as a first step, the request must be sent and we must wait for a response. Therefore, this object also contains an isPending property which tells us whether the request is currently still on its way or if we already get a response. And if we do have a response, it must not necessarily be that data here. Instead, we could also be facing an error if something went wrong on the server for example and therefore useQuery also gives us an isError property on this object here, which will be true if we gut back an error response. Now to make sure that isError is true, in such a case your code that sends the request also must make sure that an error is thrown if you got an invalid response. So if you gut back a response with an error status code that's what this code in my fetchEvents function here is doing. This code checks if we got a 400 or 500-dish response code, in which case it generates and throws an error and that would then lead to isError being true. And in that case, we also get back an error property which contains information about that error that occurred. For example, the error message. And there's more data you can pull out of this object more Booleans that allow you to check for different things. A refetch function as it turns out which you could call manually to send the same Query again for example if the user clicked a button. But here, this is all the data I need for this component. Because with this data, we can now use isPending instead of isLoading to show the loading indicator whilst we're waiting for the response. And we can also check for isError here to show the error block. And in that error block here for the message, instead of having the hard coded message, we could now for example, use that error object here which contains more information about the error that occurred. And we could check if that error has an info property, which it should have if we had an error status code because I'm adding that info property to the error object here in this line so we can check if it has an info property and if it does have that, if this is not undefined, we could access the message on that object and otherwise, as a fallback value simply show the hard-coded text, "Failed to fetch events." With that, we're showing a better error message at least hopefully, and we're outputting our data down there with this code, which can stay the way it was because I was using the name data before as well if we did successfully fetch the events. With all that if you save all those files and you go back, you should see an error message here on the screen. "Unexpected application error, no Query client set use Query client provider to set one." So this error message actually already tells us what we need to do. Because in order to use React Query and the useQuery hook, you must wrap the components that do want to use these features with a special provider component provided by Tanstack Query. And I'll do that in the App component here. In that App component I got some routes set up and down here in the App component, the goal now is to wrap the RouterProvider which is in the end responsible for rendering the different components that make up our website with another provider component provided by Tanstack Query. For this all again import from *@tanstack/react-query and I'll import the QueryClientProvider and also the QueryClient. These two things must be imported here. Because with that we can now go down here and as a first step, create a Query client by simply instantiating QueryClient like this. This is a general configuration object, you could say that will be required by Tanstack Query. As a next step, I'll then wrap RouterProvider with the QueryClientProvider we imported. And on that QueryClientProvider, we must set the client prop equal to, this QueryClient we created here. Then we close this and wrap the closing tag around RouterProvider so that the overall final code here looks like this. And with that we're now unlocking all these Tanstack Query features and hence if we save that again and we go back and and reload, we now see our events here again. But now they're fetched with help of Tanstack Query. And of course here at this point, the result kind of is the same as before but we are now using Tanstack Query and we'll use more advanced features throughout this section and we can already see one place where Tanstack Query provides a better experience. If we take a look at the developer tools and we open the Network tab there and I now go out of this page back to the code, let's say and then come back to it. Then you'll see this HTTP request being sent here and that's being sent because of Tanstack Query which for example reacts to us going away from this screen and coming back to it. And the advantage of this, of course is that, if some data should change, for example if in my backend, in the data folder and the events.json folder, if in there, I add an exclamation mark here, so if data changed on the backend, because it was changed in some database, let's say, if that's the case, now if I come back that updated data is fetched and we see that exclamation mark here. If I go back again and remove it and save, doesn't come back again, you see it's now gone here and this happens automatically because we're using Tanstack Query. And that's just one of the many reasons why this can be a very helpful library.