Now, I mentioned before, that React Query offers certain advantages and I showed you one advantage at the end of the last lecture. But I now wanna explore another super important feature of Tanstack Query together with you, before we're going to write more code. And that would be Caching. Because React Query caches response data. And as a result, if we're on our website, we can, for example, go to a different page by clicking View Details. And if we then go back by clicking View All Events, the events here are available instantly. Now, this might seem obvious, but it is not, because before, when we used useEffect, and our own fetching logic, this was not the case. There, if we went to a different page and came back, a brand new request was sent and all the data was fetched again. Now here with React Query, the data is available instantly. Though, if you take a look at the Network Tab, you will actually see that as I click on View All Events, there is another request being sent. And nonetheless, the data is available instantly. Now, of course, these requests here are all pretty fast, because we're working locally, but we would even see that data instantly if the request were a bit slower. And we can easily simulate this by again, going to the Network Tab in the Developer Tools, and by then, Throttling this a little bit and going to Slow 3G, which means network requests will take a bit longer, because we're Throttling the network. With that enabled, you'll see that still, if I go back to View All Events, the data is available instantly. Just the images were not available instantly, because those of course, still had to be re-fetched. These are not fetched by useQuery and not cached by React Query. Instead, these are simply included through links and fetched by the browser. But you saw that despite these images being re-fetched the other data was available instantly, and now even the images were cached. And that's really important to understand. There is another request being sent Behind the Scenes here, but this is not the request that's needed to display data instantly. Instead, React Query caches the response data you are getting back from your requests and it will reuse that data whenever it encounters a never useQuery execution with the same Query Key. So for example, if we go back to this page and therefore, this component function executes again, React Query will see that this Query Key has been used before and that it did already cache data for that key. And it will then instantly yield that data, but at the same time, also send this request again Behind the Scenes to see if updated data is available. And then it will kind of silently replace that data with the updated data so that after a couple of seconds or however long it takes to fetch that data, we do have the updated data on the screen. So that we get the best of both worlds. Instant results, but still updated data, once this Behind the Scenes request is done. And with that here I'll disable Throttling, so that we have the normal speed again. Now as a developer, when using React Query, you can of course, control if this is the behavior you want. For example, by setting a staleTime on your queries. This controls after which time React Query will send such a Behind the Scenes request to get updated data if it found data in your cache. And the default is zero, which means it will use data from the cache, but it will then always also send such a Behind the Scenes request to get updated data. If you set this to 5,000, for example, it will wait for 5,000 milliseconds before sending another request. So if this component was rendered and therefore this request was sent, and within five seconds this component is rendered again, and the same request would need to be sent, React Query would not send it if the staleTime is set to 5,000. And you can see this in your application, if you go back here to this page. You reload this page and you then click View Details, and within five seconds you click on View All Events. Now, no Events Request was sent here. If I wait for more than five seconds though, and I go somewhere else and come back, this Events Request is being sent. So that's the staleTime with which you can make sure that no unnecessary requests are sent. As mentioned, the default is zero, but you can set this to whatever you want. Another value you can set here is the gcTime, the Garbage Collection Time. This controls how long the data and the cache will be kept around. And the default here are five minutes. We could of course, also reduce this, for example, to half a minute, with 30,000 milliseconds. This would mean that the cached data would only be kept around for half a minute and thereafter, it would be discarded. So thereafter, if this component needs to render again, there would be no cached data, and therefore, React Query would always need to send a new request to get some data before it can show anything. So if I reduce this to one second, for example, as a result, if I load this page, we need to send the request and wait for the data. But if I then go somewhere else and come back, the data was not there, which becomes even clearer if I, again, Throttle this. So first I reload this, then I'll Throttle this, and now I'll go somewhere else and then come back. And now you see, there's this loading spinner. Because now no data was there and we did not just send some Behind the Scenes request, instead, this request was now actually needed to show anything at all, because the cache was cleared because of this setting. Which is why I'm not setting this setting here, but you should be aware of it. You can control how long data is kept around in cache. And I'm exploring these topics in great depth here, because this is one of the main features of React Query. Being able to control how long data is kept around and when new requests will be sent. And therefore, with this out of the way now, we're now ready to dive deeper into React Query and use it in more places of this demo application.