So why is search term set to some strange value, as we can see in this one request here, when the new events section component tries to fetch events with this useQuery usage? Well, because React Query and the useQuery hook actually passes some default data to this Query function you're defining here and we can see that data if we simply console log search term here. If we do that, we should see two logs in the console because we got two components, the find events section and the new events section components that do use the fetch events function with React Query. So if I go back and I reload here I do see two results here, but they're pretty strange. The second result is empty, an empty string essentially. But the first result is an object. An object which I never passed to fetch events in no place of this app. Instead, as I mentioned in the last lecture, React Query by default passes some data to your Query function. So to fetch events in this case here, when assigned to Query FN like this and the data it passes in is an object that gives us information about the Query key that was used for that Query and a signal. And that signal is required for aborting that request. If you, for example, navigate away from this page before the request was finished because React Query thankfully can do that for you, it can abort requests and it does that with help of that signal. So for that reason to give you that signal and to also give you that Query key, which you might want to use in your data fetching function. For that reason, React Query passes an object to that function you defined as a Query function. Therefore here we should actually accept such an object and we can use object destructuring here to pull out the different things we will get here, for example, the signal because if we do so, we can actually make sure that the request that is being sent is aborted. If React Query thinks that it should be aborted because we for example, left the page. For that we can use this signal and pass it to the built-in fetch function by adding a second argument to fetch, a configuration object, which takes a signal property and wants a signal of that shape as React Query gives it to us so that the browser then can use that aboard signal internally to stop this request if it receives that signal. So that's one thing we can do here but that's not all I wanna do here because of course I still wanna make sure that I do forward the search term. So therefore here in this object which we receive in fetch events, we could pull out a second property with any name of our choice, for example, search term. And now we just have to make sure that in find events section where I'm wrapping fetch events with an anonymous function like this, I'm passing an object to fetch events and I'm setting a property named search term in that object which I'm doing here in this code. This makes sure that this search term property exists here when it's needed. Now to also forward that signal here, we can simply accept this object here in this anonymous function because that's now the function that will actually be called by React Query and therefore we'll get the signal here. I even get auto completion here and can see that I get the signal here. We can then simply set it as a key value pair in this object here as well. And therefore now we have the highest degree of flexibility we can have. We can wrap fetch events with an anonymous function to pass any data we want via that object to fetch events and still get that data that's provided to us by React Query, or we set this function directly as a value for Query event if we're happy with the default object we're getting by React Query, which is the case here in New Events section where I don't need to pass any custom data to my data fetching function. And therefore with that, if we set this and reload, the data is back here in recently added events and this find your next event area also still works as before, but we're now also going to take a closer look at how exactly it works and how we might want to change that behavior.