So now that we explored the behavior of React Query in depth, let's come back to this Find your Next Event feature and let's see if it actually works. If I enter a search term here and I click search, that looks good. If I change this and I click search, this also looks pretty good. It seems to find results that make sense here for this search term. By the way it searches the title, location and description. And for example, for this event where web dev does not occur in the title or the location, it does occur in the description. So all these results are valid here and we get this valid and expected behavior because we're managing the search term as state here. So therefore this find event section component here does re-execute whenever the state is changed. And since we're then using this state here in the Use Query configuration, so to say, in the Query key and also here of course as an input for this fetching function, React Query goes ahead and sends different HTDP requests for those difference search terms. But now one thing where this component maybe does not behave exactly as expected is when I reload this page or when I visit it for the first time. Because in that case I see all those events down there, which kind of makes sense because no search term was entered and therefore of course we have no criteria to narrow those events down. But of course, as a result, I'm seeing the same events down here as I do up here. And of course, as a result, if we take a look at the network tab, we're sending two requests to events, one from every section. And we also can't change this with stale time or garbage collection time because we're using different Query keys here. So the data from the Query in the first component, the new events section component wouldn't be reused here anyways, as I also explained before. But nonetheless, we might wanna make sure that we don't send this Query in the find event section component if we did not enter any search term at all. So we might want to disable this Query until a search term has been entered. And that's of course also a pretty common requirement that some requests should not be sent instantly. And it's a feature that's pretty easy to implement when using React Query because this use Query configuration object takes an enabled property and if you set this two false, the Query is disabled and will not be sent, so the request will not be sent. If you send it to true it will be sent and that's the default. But now I wanna set it to false if we did not enter a search term. Now to achieve this, we could set enabled to search term unequal empty string, which means it's true if the user did enter anything and false otherwise, but this would actually not achieve what I wanna achieve here because if I'm doing that and I reload, as a result I would not be seeing any results here. I would see the loading indicator instead but we'll fix this soon. But if I now enter, I would see results. But if I go back to no search term, I would see that loading indicator again. But maybe if I did enter something and I then go back to no search term, I wanna see all events, I just don't wanna see all those events initially. So there should be a difference between this input being empty initially or being empty because the user cleared it. At least that's the behavior I'd like to have in this app. If the user did enter something else and then clears this input, I wanna show all events because the user probably looked for all events but initially I wanna show no event. And to achieve this, I'll simply make sure that my search term state initially is undefined by not passing any value at all to use state. And therefore then here I can check that this should only be enabled if search term is not equal to undefined. So if it is undefined, which is the initial value, this Query will be disabled. But if search term is anything else including an empty string, which would be the case if the user did clear the input field manually, it will be enabled and the request will be sent. And with that, I can now make sure that initially I don't have any results but if I search something, I get that result. And if I then clear that and search, I get all events which is exactly the behavior I want. Now I just also want to get rid of that loading spinner which we see initially and we're seeing that loading spinner because when a Query is disabled, which initially here in this component will be the case, React Query treats it as pending because we don't have any data. And instead we're waiting for data to arrive, which can only happen once the Query is enabled. But that's why initially it treats it as is pending because it kind of waits for this Query to be enabled. Now of course here, that's not really the behavior I want. I don't want a loading spinner if we're waiting for the user to enter something here. And that's why React Query gives us an alternative to is pending. You can also use is loading Boolean. The difference between is loading and is pending is that is loading will not be true if this Query is just disabled. So therefore, if I switch from is pending to is loading here in this if check and I save this now, we start with this info text for the user and I can then enter City to briefly get that loading spinner and then my result and I can clear that to go back to all the search results. And I therefore now got exactly the behavior I want with help of this Query enabling and disabling feature. And this is loading property.