Okay, so at this point we did a lot of data fetching and we learned a lot about the internals and the behavior of React Query. But React Query cannot just be used to get data but also to send data, to create a new event, for example. Now for that we can click this button here to open this component, this new event component here which opens in such a modal and we can now make sure that we collect that data entered by the user and then use React Query to send it to the backend. Because this backend which I'm providing to you also has a route for accepting post requests to slash events to store a new event in that dummy events JSON file which we have here. So therefore, in this new event component, the question now is how can we use useQuery to send that data and how can we collect that data? Now collecting will actually be easy because in there we got this event form component which I prepared for you, where I simply output that form and where I then get all that data. So in this new event JSX file, we just have to make sure that this data is also sent to the backend. And for this, we should again import something from React Query as before. And that something now is a different hook. It's not useQuery anymore because you only use useQuery to get data. To send data, to send a post request as we plan to do it here, you would instead use use mutation. Now just to be clear, you could also send post requests with use Query because after all, you're writing the logic for sending the requests on your own anyways. But this use mutation hook is optimized for such data changing queries, for example, simply by making sure that those requests are not sent instantly when this component renders as it by default is the case with use Query. But that instead requests are only sent when you want to send them, for example, from inside this handle submit function. So use mutation it is, and we should therefore call it in this new event component function. And just like useQuery, use mutation takes a configuration object. Now here we must set a mutation function now, just as we had to set a Query function for the useQuery, we can also set a mutation key here. But you don't necessarily need to do this because the idea with mutations typically isn't to cache their response data because they are primarily about changing something on your backend, not about getting and storing data in your fronted. So therefore here I'll just set up the mutation function and I'll add a new function to this HTDP JS file for that. Now to save you some time and make sure that you don't have to write all that code on your own, attached to this lecture you find an updated HTDP.JS file which contains this create new event function that's being exported, which will in the end send this post request to the backend that will create that event. This function wants the event data as an input and it's now function which we can use in the new event JSX file. So here we should import, create new event from and then going up and going up util H to the P JS and then set create new event as a value for this mutation function here. Just like that. And even though this create new event function needs some input data, we don't have to wrap it with an anonymous function because I'll show you how you can pass data to that function in just a second. Because just as before with useQuery, useMutation will return an object and we can destructure this object to get access to some useful properties. Now as you see, we again got quite some properties to access, for example, also a data property so that we could work with the data that might be returned in the response of that request we're sending but I don't need that data here. Instead, this object also has a mutate property, which is extremely important because this is now a function which you can call anywhere in this component to actually send this request because as mentioned, useMutation, unlike useQuery does not automatically send this request when this component here is rendered but instead only when you tell it to send that request, which you do with help of that mutate function. And it's of course here in handle submit where I wanna send that request. Here I can call mutate and then in this case, pass my form data to mutate. Now I actually have to change the form data a little bit to have the right format for the backend, here in this demo app I'll wrap it in an object where I have an event property which holds my form data as a value. And of course, the exact shape of data you want to send here depends on the shape of data you are getting in your application and the shape of data your backend wants. Here this will make sure that I'm sending the data exactly as required to my backend. And that's again, all you have to do. This will send this request whenever this form is submitted and it will do so with help of React Query. So if I now save this and I go back and I enter test and this is a test and I pick some date and some time and some location, if I click create, nothing happens, well it makes sense that nothing happens because we haven't written any code that would do anything after sending that request. We're not navigating away or anything like that, even though we'll soon do that. But in addition, if we open the developer tools, we can see that we got an error, that I got back an error response as it turns out. And if I open the network tab and I try sending this again, I again get an error here, a bad request error. And in my preview tab here where I see the response data I got back, I see this message invalid data provided. And if I take a look at my backend code, I can see that this is text I'm sending back as a 400. So as an error response, if one of these input fields was invalid, if it was empty basically. Now of course here in my example, I did enter something into every input except for the image. We haven't yet added the functionality to let the user pick an image and that is what we'll do in the next lecture. But before we do that, we can take this as an opportunity to actually handle this error in a better way and to also show some loading spinner or loading text while the request is on its way. And that's therefore what I'll do first, because back in the new event component, we can get more information out of this object returned by useMutation. For example, there also is a is pending property, which will be true if the request is currently on its way and false otherwise. There also is an as error property just as you know it from useQuery and an error property which would contain error details. And we can now use that information to output different content down there, render different JSX code if we are waiting for a response or if we have an error. And for that, I'll start by going to that event form. And in there I first of all wanna check if we are in this pending state, in which case I simply wanna output the text submitting here as a little loading indicator. I only wanna show these buttons on the other hand if we are not waiting for a response. So if not is pending, I wanna show these buttons like this. And I also want to show an error message if we got an error, maybe here below the event form but still in the modal, we can check if ease error is true. And if that's the case I want to output my error block, this custom component, which of course as always must be imported. And then there we can set a title of failed to create event and the message that's equal to the error object and they are diving into the potentially existing info property. And if it does exist, outputting the message or we output a hardcoded fallback message that could be failed to create event, please check your inputs and try again later. Something like that could be our error block. And with that, we save that, and I now try to send an invalid request again, for example, by entering nothing at all, you see I get this error message here and if I throttle my network again, I can also see that loading indicator that's submitting text here and then I get this message. So that's now proper error handling and handling these different states of our mutation request, of our post request. As a next step in the next lecture, I now wanna make sure that we also allow the user to pick an image.