So at the moment, whenever we create a new event, nothing happens because as I mentioned at the end of the last lecture, we don't have any code that would define what should happen after we mutate. Now we could navigate away programmatically, for example, with help of the UseNavigate hook provided by React Router. Here in Handle Submit, we could call Navigate and go back to slash events for example, to go back to the starting page essentially, we could do that here, but we also might want to wait for this mutation to be finished until we do that so that we don't close this screen whilst the request is still on its way. And we could achieve that by adding another property to this useMutation configuration object, the on success property, which in the end wants a function as a value. So which is a method that should be added here, a function that will be executed once this mutation succeeded. This also makes sure that this code will only execute if the mutation did succeed. If we instead would navigate away here in handleSubmit we would always do that no matter if the mutation succeeds or fails. So if it fails and an error message should be displayed, we would never see that because we instantly navigate away. If we instead do that in on success, we'll stay on this screen until the mutation did really succeed. So any errors would be shown to us. And therefore it's now in here where I want to call Navigate and go to slash events. But that's actually not all I want to do. Instead, if you would go back here and you would submit such a new event here by clicking Create, you would see that it is submitted but it's not showing up here under my recently added events which right now are basically all events I have here. It's not showing up here until I, for example, switch to a different page and come back because as you learned, this triggers React Query to refetch data behind the scenes. But of course, if I know that the data just changed because I added a new event, for example, I want React Query to immediately refetch data. I wanted to immediately update my data here, put in other words, here in this new events section for this Query, which is responsible for fetching those events here, I wanna make sure that the data that was fetched here is marked as stale and a refetch is triggered. And we can achieve this by calling a method that's provided by React Query that allows us to invalidate one or more queries. So that allows us to tell React Query that the data that's connected to some queries is outdated and that it should be refetched. And to achieve this, we should first of all go to the app JSX file where we create this Query client because it's with help of that Query client. So with help of this object here, that we'll be able to force this invalidation of a Query. Therefore we should cut this from this file and remove this import and instead add it to some other file from which we can then import it into multiple files. In my case here, I'll just add it to this HTDP JS file. There at the very top I'll export this Query client and of course for that we have to import this Query client class that's being instantiated here. Now with that exported here in HTDP JS we should go back to App JSX and import this Query client from this HTDP JS file, which we find in the UTIL folder. Because we still need that Query client object here to pass it to the Query client provider. But now we can use that same Query client in the new event JSX file here in On Success because there, before navigating away, I now want to use this Query client. So we should import Query client from going up two levels and then UTIL and then HTDP JS and then in on success, so at a point of time where we know that it worked, I want to call Query client invalidate queries which does what its name implies. It in the end tells React Query that the data fetched by certain queries is outdated now, that it should be marked as stale and that an immediate refetch should be triggered if the Query belongs to a component that's currently visible on the screen. So for example, if I'm creating a new event, of course the page that shows all events is still visible on the screen. It's below this modal after all. So the Query that was responsible for this section here should be reexecuted. And for that to target specific queries, invalidate queries takes an object as an input where we have to define the Query key which we wanna target. And this should of course be a Query key in the same format as we're using it for all those queries. So an array which then, for example, could include the word events. And this will then invalidate all queries that include this key. It does not have to be exactly the same key. So for example, in find events section I have a Query key that includes events and then also this object, this Query here with this key will also be invalidated because it includes events and I'm invalidating any Query key that does include events with that code. We could work around that by also setting the exact property on this object that we're passing to invalidate queries to true and now only queries with exactly that key would be invalidated. But since you should build your Query keys such that they kind of describe the data you are fetching, it makes sense to invalidate all queries that include events because all those queries would otherwise be dealing with old data. For example, here in find events section where I'm looking for events based on a search term entered by the user, I of course don't want to ignore new events that have been added. So I wanna invalidate this Query as well, so that if a new event was added, that is met by this search term entered by the user it's presented as a result for this search term, automatically by React Query. And that's why by default all queries that include this key will be invalidated and why this is also typically the behavior you want. And therefore, now with that added, with this invalidate queries call added here, if we save that and I now create a new event with some dummy text here just to have something on the screen quickly, and I click Create, you see it shows up down here basically instantly because it's refetched behind the scenes immediately because I'm invalidating queries here. And that's why this here is often an important step when performing mutations because this guarantees that all queries that use a certain key operate on recent data again.