So let me now show you my solution for this challenge where I wanna load and show the event detail data on this screen, and where I want to make this Delete button here work. And for that, of course, I'll start here in event details by importing useQuery from @tanstack/react-query. And then here we should execute useQuery in this EventDetails component function. And of course, as always, this should then also be configured. We need a query function and we need that queryKey, as always. Now, for the query function, as mentioned, it's this fetchEvent function that should be triggered. And if you take a look at this function, you see that it accepts an object as a parameter, which should contain this signal property, which is provided by React Query, but which also wants an id property, which we have to provide, the ID of the selected event. So back in EventDetails, this means that we wanna wrap this fetchEvent function with our own anonymous function, which is then the actual function that's defined as a query function, and I'll therefore import fetchEvent from going up, going up, util, and then there the http.js file. Now this fetchEvent function should receive an object as an argument, an object with a signal property as you just saw, and an id property. So therefore I'll pass both here as properties to this object and we'll get this signal from this object which we automatically receive on this query function from React Query. And this id will be available in this event details component because it is loaded through React Router. If you take a look at app.jsx you see that this EventDetails component is loaded for this dynamic route which includes a path segment with an identifier of id. And therefore, as you learned in the routing section we can extract this id by using the useParams hook provided by react-router-dom. So this must be imported from react-router-dom. And then on this params object, we got an id value. So the value for this id property on this object here is params.id and it's dot id here because in app.jsx it's colon id in this route definition. That's how we can get access to that id. And with that we got the finished query function. Now for the queryKey, I want to have an identifier that starts with events as a first element in this key array because we're still fetching some event data, but I then pass a second element to this key to make this key a bit more complex. And that second element should be the actual ID for which we're executing this query because when this EventDetails component is rendered for different IDs, so for different events, I of course wanna fetch different data for different events. So we need different keys so that we're not caching and reusing the same data for the same single event all the time. Therefore, I'll add my ID here into this key. And this is one way of doing it. We could also wrap it into an object like this, that's totally up to you, but here I'll just add it like this to my overall key. And that's now the finished query. With that, we then got our object here where, as always, we got our data, we got the isPending property, there isError property and the error itself. And we can now use these pieces of data to output different content on the screen depending on the current state of this query. For that, just as I did it before in another component, I'll add a new content variable and then I'll check if isPending is true. If that's the case, my content should be equal to some loading fallback text and that could simply be this LoadingIndicator component. It could also be anything else. Here, for styling purposes, I'll output a div with an id of event-details-content, and you of course did probably not use this div with this idea, which is of course absolutely fine and not crucial for the overall solution of this challenge. And I'll add a class name of center to center these elements here, or this element in this div. And this element is simply a paragraph where I'll say, "Fetching event data." But again, it doesn't really matter which content you are outputting in your loading state, it's just important that you are handling this loading state in some way at all. Now with that, I'll actually delete this LoadingIndicator import because I'm not using it here. And instead I'll now as a next step check if we got an error, in which case content should be equal to that error block, though again wrapped in this special div, which will just make sure that it looks good on this page. So here, I'll then output my ErrorBlock component and give this a title of "Failed to load event." And then as a message I'll output error.info?.message. So if we have an info property on the error I'll dig into its message and output that or if any of that seems to be undefined I'll output a hardcoded error message where I'll say, "Failed to fetch event data, "please try again later," so that this is my error handling code. Well, and now as a last step, I of course want to check if data is set, if we got some data, and in that case I'll set content equal to this content here down there. So this div, I'll cut that and output this here. And I'll then construct this URL to this image dynamically by using this template, literal syntax, and injecting data.image here as a value into this image URL. The alt text could be data.title, so the title of this event. And then of course here for the event location, I wanna output data.location. Here for the date we can output data.date and for the time it would be data.time of course. And down here it's data.description like this. That's not all though, instead, I also wanna update this title down here in this article header. So here it's data.title and therefore since this is conditional as well, I actually also want to grab this header here and cut this and add this to my content here wrapped by a fragment, since I now have two root elements which I'm returning here. So that this is now my content if we do have data, where I'm outputting the title in the header and all the other information below that in this div. And with that, we got different pieces of content for different circumstances. And hence now between those article tags we can output this content variable, which will either be that loading text, that error block, or this data block here. And if we now save that and reload this screen, after a while we should see this event data. Now this will take a while to load because in this backend code here I deliberately added a little timeout just to make this response a bit slower even without throttling so that we can actually see that we first got this loading text and then the data. And now as our last step, so to say, to polish this, I also wanna make sure that in the EventDetails component this date is formatted in a nice way, which of course is 100% optional and not part of the solution you must have, just something I wanna do here. And in that data block, so if we have data, I'll get my formatted date by constructing a new date object and passing the date I'm getting back from the backend as a value to this date constructor. So that then, on this date object, I can call toLocaleDateString, a method built into the browser on this date object, which allows me to create a nicely formatted date by passing en-US as a first argument and then a configuration object as a second argument. And in that configuration object we can control how the day, month, and year part of the date should be formatted. And here, this is the format I'll go for. And with that, we can then grab this formatted date and output that down there in front of the time, so that now with that, the date looks like this. And that's therefore the first part of the challenge. That's how you can use query to fetch data. But that's not the only thing you should do in this challenge. Instead, the second part was to make this Delete button work and that's what I'll do next therefore. And for that, as mentioned before, you should use this deleteEvent function where a DELETE HTTP request is sent to the backend. So therefore here we of course have a mutation because we're not fetching or getting any data, instead we're sending a DELETE request. We are trying to change, to mutate, data on the backend. Hence we now also need useMutation from React Query. And this hook should now also be executed here, useMutation, and in this configuration object that's passed to useMutation we then have to define a mutation function, which as mentioned is this deleteEvent function from the http.js file. So this function must be imported and should then be used here as a value for this mutation function. As you learned, this useMutation hook then returns an object where we most importantly get a mutate property, a function we can call to trigger this mutation function. And I wanna trigger it when that Delete button is pressed. Now, soon I'll make sure that we first show a confirmation pop-up, a confirmation modal, but right now I just wanna make sure that it's triggered as soon as we click this button. Therefore, here in this component function, we can add a new function, handleDelete could be a fitting name. And in this function I want to call this mutate function. Now, deleteEvent, if you take a look at it, wants an object as an input, an object with an id property which should contain the ID of the event that should be deleted. Therefore here I'll pass an object to mutate and I'll add an id property. And the value of that id property of course is that ID of this event here, so params.id. With that, this request should be sent and now we just have to connect handleDelete to this Delete button. So down here I'll add the onClick prop and point at handleDelete. With that, if you save that, we should not just be able to load an event but also delete it. And I will actually delete one of my dummy events here. For example, this one, load it and click Delete. And now of course, nothing happens here. And we had that behavior before in this course because we haven't defined what should happen after the mutation succeeds. But if I go back to view all events I can tell that this event indeed is gone. I had seven events and now I just have six, also if I reload. So it was indeed deleted. But of course it would be nice if we would give the user some feedback regarding that, or if we would do something after deleting it. And you also learned how to do that. You can add the onSuccess property to this mutation configuration object. And here we can then navigate away by using the navigate function, which we get from react-router-dom, with help of that useNavigate Hook. So you must import the useNavigate hook so that you get access to this navigate function. And then here in our mutation onSuccess function I wanna call navigate and go back to /events. In addition, I also wanna invalidate my queries, my event related queries, because since I deleted an event of course, all that data should be marked as outdated and React Query should be forced to fetch data again. Now, to do that I also must import my query client from http.js and we can then use this queryClient here to call invalidate queries and pass this configuration object to invalidateQueries where I set the queryKey of the query that should be invalidated to just events. So to an array that contains a single string that says events, because all event related queries should be invalidated because they're all affected by the fact that an event has been deleted. With that, again, if I go back and I view the details here and I open the network tab just to see whether everything works, if I click Delete here that's deleted, and I'm navigated back to the starting page. And there this event is now indeed missing. Though you might also notice that I also got one request here, which actually yielded a 404 response, and that's what we'll tackle next.