So I did implement this data fetching and deletion logic, but as mentioned in the last lecture, if I delete an event and we're navigated back, I also get such a 404 request here. Now, if we take a closer look at this request, we see that it actually was for one specific event with a specific ID. Now, why was this request even sent here If we actually navigated back to this page that shows all events, not just one single specific event? Well, because for deleting an event, we were on that details page here and when then after deleting an event, we invalidated all event related queries. We still were on that page. And therefore, technically, since we invalidated all queries. React Query went ahead and immediately triggered a refetch for this details query here. Now, to avoid this behavior, we should go back to invalidate queries and add a second property to this configuration object for invalidate queries. Here, you can set the re fetch type to none, which makes sure that when you call invalidate queries, these existing queries will not automatically be triggered again immediately. Instead, they will just be invalidated and the next time they are required, they will run again. But they will not be re-triggered immediately which otherwise would be the default behavior. And here, that's what I want because this makes sure that this event details query of this page on which I'm currently at is not triggered again. But if we then go back to this all events page here, the queries on this page will be triggered again because this component re-rendered, again, this entire page component and all the nested components, but the query on the page on which we triggered the deletion, where this component for this page was not re rendered, will not be triggered just because we called invalidate queries. So that's the behavior I want here. And with that, if we make that change and we save that and we reload and open the developer tools if I click delete, we see that request, we are navigated back to the starting page and we see no failing request anymore. And that's therefore the behavior we now want to have.