Now to enhance this app a bit more and this details page specifically, I now also want to add a little feature to this app and to this page where we show some confirmation modal before we actually trigger this deletion mutation. So that if a user accidentally clicked on delete, the deletion is not immediately initiated but we instead ask the user for confirmation first. And this feature does now not require any specific new React Query feature. Instead, it is something which we can build with our standard React knowledge. Because here in the event details component, we can simply start managing some state with the useState hook. And this could be some state that simply tells us whether the user started the deletion process or not. So I'll name my state variable here is deleting and the updating function set is deleting. And initially that's false because initially we're not trying to delete this but I now wanna change this to true once the user clicks this button, this delete button and then I want open up a modal where the user has to click another button to actually start this mutation. So I will add two new functions here, handle start delete in which I set is deleting to True and also handle stop delete if the user cancels this process, where a set is deleting to false. And it's now handle start delete that should be connected to this delete button in this UI. But now this UI should also contain another component that can be displayed. For that, down here in my return statement maybe above that outlet, I'll add the modal component, a component that's built into this application. You just have to import it from modal JSX. And I'll move this import up here to the other library imports. And with modal imported, we can now show some confirmation text in there. For example a title, a H2 title where we ask, are you sure? And then a paragraph where we may be say, do you really want to delete this event? This action cannot be undone. Something like this. And then below that, a div with a class name of form actions for formatting and and styling purposes where I wanna have one button where I'll say cancel and another button where I'll say delete, to confirm this deletion. Now this second button when it's clicked should trigger the handle delete function we used before. And that's this function that contains the mutate function call. So dysfunction which will then actually send that deletion request. That's the function that should be triggered if this delete button in modal is pressed. If that other button here is pressed, I wanna trigger the handle stop delete function to close this modal again because this modal should be displayed conditionally. If is deleting is true, I wanna show it. If it's false, I don't wanna show it, so that this really only shows up if we start that deletion process. Now this modal component, which I built for this application, actually also takes onClose prop, which wants a function that should be triggered if this modal is closed. And here I then wanna stop the deletion of course. So I will call handle stop delete so that if we want to close this modal, we do also close it by updating our state and exiting out of this deletion state. Now for styling purposes I'll also add some CSS classes to the buttons. The cancel button should receive a button dash text clause and the delete button should receive a button clause. Now with that, if you save this, if you click delete, this modal opens up and you can close it by clicking cancel for example. But if you click delete, it should work. And I'll first create a new event so that I have a dummy test event which I can play around with. And I don't delete any of the actual nice data I prepared for this project. But now here I can click delete. If I click delete here, takes a short while and then I'm navigated back. But that's of course also a problem. Having to wait for this short while is not ideal because we wanna give the user some feedback that this deletion was initiated. And of course, as you learnt before, use mutation does not just give you an object with a mutate function, but also pending property for example, which tells you whether this deletion request in this case here is currently on its way. Now since with that I would have a name clash with is pending from useQuery, I'll assign a different name to it here by adding a colon here and and then naming this is pending deletion and this is standard JavaScript syntax where when using object destructuring, as we're doing it here, you can assign an alias to one of those properties. You are pulling out of this object by adding a colon after this original property name and then adding your new name under which you'll be able to use it in this file here. So I'm assigning an alias to is pending and I'll do the same for is error, which I'll name is error deleting, and the error object which I'll name, delete error or something like this. And now we can use that to also show some loading text whilst the request is on its way and some error output if the deletion should fail. So going down to our deletion confirmation modal here, I for example wanna replace these buttons with some loading text if we are currently performing the deletion. So in here I'll actually check is pending deletion. And if that's the case, I wanna output some paragraph here where I simply say, deleting, please wait. On the other hand, if deletion is not pending, if it's not on its way, I wanna output these two buttons wrapped by a fragment since we have two sibling components here. So that should give us some feedback about the current loading state of this request. Now I also wanna show an error block if we got an error. And for that here after this form actions div, but still in the modal, I'll check if is error deleting is true. So if we got an error related to that, in which case I wanna output the error block component with the title of failed to delete event. And then a message that could be delete error info if it exists, access the message, otherwise say, failed to delete event, please try again later, or something like that, so that this is the error handling code in this JSX code. And with that, if I go back to the application, and again create some dummy event, which I can easily delete, like this, if I load it here, if I click delete, of course I can still cancel it, but now if I click delete, it takes a short while. Okay, was too fast, but it took a short while and we're back, everything worked. Let's also see whether we're getting any error in the console here. If I go through any of these steps, just to make sure that this really all works, if I view the details and I then click delete, that's looking good. No errors here, no error network requests.