Now there's one other thing we can do on this event details page. We can also click this edit button to edit an event. And currently of course, this functionality is also missing. Even though the button works, it does open this modal. But in there we can't really do anything. I mean, we can enter data here but if you click update, nothing happens. And of course it would also be nice if this modal would be pre-populated with the event data to which it belongs. So the event which we are trying to edit. And that's what we'll work on next. And for that we should switch to the EditEvent JSX file which is the component, as the name suggests, that is responsible for this modal and for managing this updating process. Now, in this component, as a first step we should load the data that should be filled into this form as a default. And for that, my custom event form component, which I'm providing as part of this project, actually has an input data prop which can be used to pass an object with the default data for all these fields to this component. So we need to fetch this data now in order to pass it here. And of course, fetching this data again means that we should use useQuery from React Query, just as we did it before in this course. So with that imported, here in this component function. I'll execute it, pass this configuration object to it. And here for this query function I want to use a function which I already have in my HTTP JS file. This Fetch Event function because that will fetch us the event details with which we want pre-populate this form. Now this function needs the idea of the event, for which the data should be fetched and an abort signal as an input. And therefore, here in edit event for this Query function we should define an anonymous function where we automatically get an object that contains a signal property from React Query. And then here we should execute Fetch Event which must be imported from the HTTP JS file. And we then pass an object to Fetch Event which contains this signal and also this ID of this event here. And to get this ID, we of course can and should use useParams from React Router DOM to get this Params object, because that then allows us to access params.id. Because in our route definition, if we take a look at that, for the added page, we got this dynamic path segment with an identifier of ID. So therefore, in this added event component, this is how we can prepare our query function that should be executed. Of course, I also want to have a query key and here, that's events, and then again, params.id because this query depends on the ID of the event which we're trying to edit. Well, and with that, as always, we'll get back an object with data. The isPending property, the isError property and the error property. And more properties which we don't need here though. So now we can use data to pre-populate this form. If we scroll down, we can therefore set input data equal to this data because I built this event form component as such that it exactly expects data in that shape as we get it back from this backend. So this should just work. But in addition, I of course also wanna show a loading indicator if we're still waiting for a response, and an error block if we got an error. Therefore, just as before, I'll actually add a content variable and check if isPending is true. And if that's the case, if we are waiting for the response, I wanna output a div with a class name of center for styling purposes. And in there I want to have that loading indicator. And that loading indicator is simply a component you have to import from the UI folder. So that's the first step. As a next step, I'll check if we got an error just as we did it many times before in other components. And if that's the case, content will be set equal to a fragment, where for one, I want to have this error block. But below that, then also a div, which has a class of form dash actions where I wanna provide a link which is a component provided by React Router which simply should allow me to leave this page and close this modal therefore, if we got an error fetching those events. So here I'll just say, okay, and give this link a class of button for styling purposes. But then of course I also wanna show some error information. And therefore on this error block we can set a title like Failed to load event. And then a message where as so often, we use that error object to output a message or a hard-coded message which could be Failed to load event. Please check your inputs and try again later. So that's the content I want to have if we have an error fetching our event. Last but not least, if we have data, I'll set content equal to this event form here because then I want to present this form. And then, in the end, it's this content which should be output in this modal. So with that, if we save all of that and I reload this page, we initially see the loading spinner and then this form which is initialized with our data. And if I, for example, would try to load this page for an invalid ID. So if I manually added this ID in the URL, and for example, change it to ABC which is an ID that does not exist here, I get the loading spinner and it'll take a while because React Query actually tries re fetching if we got an error. But then I got the error. Also in the underlying event details page here, but also here in our modal, and I can close this to go back here. But with that, I'll simply go back to a valid ID and therefore I see this page and this page. It's also worth noting that if I load this details page, it takes a short while, but then once I got this data, this added page opens up pretty much instantly and that's the case because this data is cached as you learned before. And I'm using the same query with the same key, events params ID in this EditEvent component and in the event details component. It's the same query with the same key, therefore this cached data is reused between those two components. That's why if we are on this detail page, this added page opens up instantly. Whereas on the other hand, if I reload with that added page opened, we see that loading spinner initially. Because if we reload, the data is not there yet. If we come from the details page, it is already there. So that's another great example showing us why using React Query can lead to a better user experience. But speaking of a user experience, the next step, of course is to make this update button work, so that we do actually send an update request to the backend.