So as I showed you in the last lecture, our current updating approach has the problem that whilst it works, we're not reflecting the updated state on the page we're coming from unless we reload it. Now, earlier in this course you learned that one way of making this work and of fixing this would be to call query client invalidate queries here and invalidate all the queries that need that data. And that would work here as well. But in that case, you should also wait with navigating away until this mutation is done and you should show a loading spinner on this added page whilst you are waiting for the mutation to succeed. And that's not how I want to build this here. Instead here I want to do something which is called optimistic updating. If I confirm and update here, by pressing this update button, I want to update this UI here instantly without waiting for the response of my backend. And if my backend then turns out to fail, if the update fails for whatever reason, I simply want to roll back the optimistic update I performed. And this is a pattern or an approach that's relatively easy to implement with React Query. And it all starts by adding a new property to this use mutation configuration object. And that's the on mutate property, which wants a function as a value. On mutate, so this function here, will be executed right when you call mutate. So before this process is done, before you got back a response. And it's here in on mutate where I essentially wanna update the data that's cached by React Query where I wanna update this detail data that's stored behind the scenes, so to say. And this can be done by importing query client from http.js, because as you already saw before in this section through this query client you can essentially interact with React Query and tell it to invalidate queries or as you will see now, to change the cached data. And therefore, here in this on mutate function we should start by getting the currently stored data so that we can then manipulate and edit it. And therefore, here in this on mutate function, we can use query client and then call set query data to manipulate that already stored data without waiting for a response. Normally it's manipulated by React Query whenever you got a new response that's being cached. But you can also manipulate that stored data yourself by calling set query data. And that's what we're doing here. Now, set query data then needs two arguments. And the first argument is the key of the query that you do want to edit. In this case it's events params ID because it was a specific event that I edited it. It is therefore the data that's stored for that event by React Query which I wanna manipulate here without waiting for the response. The second argument then is the new data you wanna store under that query key. And here in this scenario, in this component, that would simply be that data which I also sent to my backend, this updated event data. Now thankfully getting this here in on mutate is pretty simple because React Query actually passes this data, which you passed to mutate, as a value to on mutate. So you automatically get that data which you did submit to the backend as input here. Now that data, which I did submit, had an ID property and then the updated event. And it's this updated event I'm interested here, so therefore, my new event, which I also sent to the backend, is data.event accessing this property here. So that's the new data I wanna set for this query key. So this will manipulate the data behind the scenes without waiting for a response. But that's not all I want to do here in on mutate. Another thing you should typically do when performing optimistic updating, like we are doing it here, is that you should also use to query client to cancel all active queries for a specific key by passing an object to cancel queries, and then setting a query key for which you want to cancel queries. And in my case, it's that same query key. With this line of code we're making sure that if we had any outgoing queries for that key, those queries would be canceled and we would not have clashing response data from those queries and our optimistically updated query data because if those ongoing queries finished before the updating request was done, we would've fetched old data again and we don't wanna do that. Now this actually returns a promise which we want to await. And in order to use await here we should add async here in front of this function. So with that, we're canceling ongoing queries for this data and we're setting our own data. By the way, cancel queries will not cancel the mutation it will really only cancel queries triggered with use query. And with that, if you do that, if you save this and you edit this and I remove those exclamation marks and I click update, you see they're gone here immediately because we edited that query data behind the scenes and that therefore was reflected automatically by React Query in the UI. But that's not all we should do when performing optimistic updating because of course the updating process on the backend could fail. And in that case, we would now have outdated data here. For example, if I delete the entire title, now it's updated here, but if I reload it's actually back because my backend code blocks this, my backend code does require an input for every field. So we wanna make sure that we roll back our optimistic update if it does fail on the backend. And currently that's not happening. So to make sure that we can roll back, we also need to get the old data and store that old data somewhere so that we can roll back to that old data. And we should do that before we update the data. Now, query client also has a solution for that. It also has a get query data method which gives us the currently stored query data, which we of course want to execute before we set it to some new data. Now get query data simply wants the key of the query for which we want to get the data. And with that here I get my previous event. So the old event data. That's what I get with get query data. And now we wanna roll back to that event if our update mutation failed. Now to do that, we can add another property to this use mutation configuration object and that's the on error property, which also wants a function which will be executed if this update mutation errors, so if it fails. Now on error conveniently receives a couple of inputs that are passed in automatically by React Query. It receives the error object with which it failed, the data which was submitted to the mutation, and a context object which will become important because it's this context object which can contain this previous event. Now, in order for this previous event to be part of this context, we should return an object here in this on mutate function because it's actually this object that will be this context here. So in here, we can then add a previous event key and store this previous event under this key and hence use this shortcut. And now context will be this object, essentially, and will contain this key most importantly, which we can therefore use to access this previous event inside of this on error function, so if we have an error. And then here in on error we can call query client set query data, again, to again manually update the stored data for this query with this key. But now we're of course setting it back to that old event which was previously stored with context.previous event. And with that, we're rolling back this optimistic update if the mutation fails. So if we now save this, and I reload and I edit this and I try to update this by removing the title, you see this did not work. It very briefly went to a state without a title but it's almost impossible to see because it's so fast. But then it reinserts the title. It's a bit easier to see if you, again, throttle this. Now, if I delete this, you see the title is gone but then it's rolled back, it's re-added because we have the rollback process in place. Now, in addition is one other last thing which you should also do when performing optimistic updating. And that's another property that should be added to this use mutation configuration object, the unsettled property, which also wants a function as a value. Now unsettled will simply be called whenever this mutation is done, no matter if it failed or succeeded. And in that case, just to be sure that you really got the same data in your front end as you have on your backend. You should also, again use query client to invalidate your queries. Of course, not all of them, but in this case simply all the events queries or maybe all the events queries that use this specific parameter, this specific ID. So all the event queries for this specific ID. And with this line and this property added here you simply make sure that whenever this mutation finished, even though you did perform this optimistic updating and you rolled back if things went wrong, you still make sure that you fetched the latest data from the backend so that if the backend did something different and the data would be out of sync between backend and front end right now it gets back into sync by forcing React Query to refetch the data behind the scenes. And with that, you got a good working optimistic updating strategy in place and you can now provide this nice user experience to your users where they don't have to stare at some loading spinner, but instead any changes they make are instantly reflected on your page.