Now with all that we're almost done for this section but there is one last important topic which I also want to tackle. As you can see, if you take a look at the App.jsx file we're using React Router in this application. And specifically I'm using a version of a React Router that has built in data fetching and data mutation capabilities, so to say. And you learn more about these features in the React Router course section. There you learn how you can use React Router for fetching and manipulating data. Now you can also combine those React Router features with React Query, and that's exactly what we'll do in this section here at the example of this EditEvent route here. And therefore this lecture here of course only make sense if you did go through that React Router section and you know these loader and action features I'm referring to. Otherwise skip this lecture for now and come back to it later. So here I will go to the EditEvent.jsx file, and in there below this component function or above, it doesn't matter, I'll export a new function called loader. And we can ignore this warning here for the moment. So I will export this function here and we can then use this function to tell React Router to execute the code in this function before it actually loads and renders this component. And that allows us to fetch data before the component even appears on the screen. Now to do that with React Query, as a first step you should make sure that you have access to the query client because now we'll not load data through the useQuery hook, but instead since we're outside of a component function, directly with help of that query client. Because that query client here actually also has a fetchQuery method which can be used to trigger a query programmatically. So, do it ourself without using the useQuery hook. fetchQuery then takes the same configuration object as useQuery did, and therefore, we have to define a query function and also a query key. Now the query function here of course should be the same query function as we had up here. So in the end we can also copy both, query key and query function. Copy both and go down there to this loader and use it here. Now of course, params is missing here, but thankfully this loader function which will eventually be executed by React Router will receive an object which will include a params property, which will give us access to the route parameters of this active route. And with that, we're making sure that this query gets sent. Now we just have to return this here so that this loader actually gets this promise that's actually returned by fetchQuery and waits for that promise to resolve before React Router goes ahead and renders the component. And you could now, for example, think that we should now remove useQuery from that component because we're using React Router now. But this is actually not the case, because whilst you could use useLoaderData, a hook provided by React Router, to get access to the data that's returned by the loader, it is better to keep useQuery around. Because when we use fetchQuery here in the loader React Query will go ahead and send that request and we'll then store that response data in the cache. Therefore, when useQuery is executed again here in the component it's this cached data that will be used, but we keep all the other advantages React Query has to offer. That's why I want to keep on using the hook here. So that for example, if we tab out of this window and come back to it later, it triggers a behind the scenes fetch to look for updated data. So I want to keep on using React Query here directly in the component, and thankfully we can, due to this caching mechanism. Therefore, we actually don't have to change anything in this component here to make this work the way it should work. The only thing I wanna get rid of here is this pending state because there technically shouldn't be a scenario where we need this loading indicator now. So I wanna get rid of that. And we could also get rid of this error state and this error block, because we could use React Router's error handling capabilities instead. But here to keep things simpler and a bit shorter, I'll keep it around. And therefore here, if I now remove this loading indicator import as well we can save this file and then go back to the App.jsx file. And in this file we now wanna import this loader function and connect it to this route. So here where we also import EditEvent we now should also import the loader and maybe assign an alias. editEventLoader sounds like a fitting name. And we can now use this loader down here. We add a loader to this route and then the editEventLoader like this. With that, if you save that, if you click view details, the details data is fetched. And if you click on edit, it takes a short while and then this page appears. And if I reload this page, it waits until everything was loaded until it displays this page. So that's how this now behaves differently than it did before. And it is of course simply up to you whether you prefer this React Router approach or you want to use just React Query. But if you wanna use React Router you are not limited to fetching data. Instead, you can also use it for editing data for performing mutations. For this, back in EditEvent.jsx we can also export a second function, a second function which I'll call action. And I'll make it async so that we can use a wait in there because we'll have to use that in there. Now this action function will be triggered by React Router when a form on this page is submitted. And we'll have to tweak the code a little bit to make sure that this is the case later. So when a form is submitted this action function will then be triggered and in this action function we'll get an object passed in automatically by React Router that will have a request property with information about that submitted form in the end, and a params property with information about this route to which this form submission belongs. And in here in this action function we can then extract the formData that was submitted by awaiting request.formData. That's a built-in method provided by React Router that allows us to get hold of the submitted data. And we can then get our updatedEventData by using Object.fromEntries and passing formData to it. This simply transforms this more complex formData object that is yielded by this formData method to a simple key value pair object in JavaScript. And it's now this updatedEventData that should be sent to the backend. Now to do that, we can directly call updateEvent. So this updateEvent method which we're importing from http.js, we can directly call this function in this action function without creating or triggering a mutation because this useMutation hook was in the end also just a wrapper around this function. Just a wrapper that then gave us extra access to information like whether this was currently pending or anything like this. But we don't need that here when using React Router. So we can directly call it like this and pass an object to updateEvent where we set the ID of the event that should be updated and an event property that contains the updatedEventData because it's this kind of object that's expected by the updateEvent function. It wants an object with an ID and an event property. So that's what we're passing to this function here. And we should then await this to only continue once this process completed. And then we should use the query client to invalidate all queries to make sure that the updated data is fetched again. And with that, just to be clear, we'll not be performing this optimistic updating anymore because all this code will soon not be executed anymore. This here, what we're doing here in the action function is instead simply an alternative approach that embraces those React Router features with all advantages and disadvantages. So here will not be performing optimistic updating anymore. We would have to write our own logic in the submit method, for example, if we would want to do that. Instead here I'm just making sure that I invalidate the queries that are affected by this update. For example, all event related queries because all those queries of course are affected by the fact that I did update some data here. Now this is also something we should await because invalidateQueries also returns a promise. And once this is all done we can finally return here and return a redirect, which is now a function that is provided by React Router. So redirect is imported from React Router DOM and this is simply a utility function which will make sure that we navigate to a different page. In this case, for example, simply to the parent page, the event details page we were coming from. With that, we should now tweak the component as mentioned and make sure that in handleSubmit we no longer call mutate and navigate like this. Instead here we should make sure that the form is actually submitted so that this action function here is triggered. Because that's how React Router works. It needs a form submission to trigger those action functions. Now we can programmatically submit a form here by using another hook provided by React Router. They useSubmit hook, which gives us a submit function like this. This submit function can now be used in this handleSubmit method here instead of mutate and navigate to submit this form. And now we just have to configure this form submission by defining the data that should be submitted. In this case, the formData. And then as a second argument, pass a configuration object where we set the method to anything but GET. For example here, for an update to PUT, because only for non-GET methods here will the action function be triggered by React Router. Now, even though it might look like it we're not sending an HTTP request here. I did mention this in the React Router section and I want to emphasize it here again. Instead, this code will simply trigger this client site action function so that all this code here will be executed. And therefore, of course this entire mutation code can now be removed from this component. In this case I'll just comment it out so that we could easily re-edit if we wanted to, but you could also remove it. And of course you can therefore also remove the useMutation import. And now the last step is to go back to App.jsx and there import this action from the EditEvent component file and maybe also give it an alias, editEventAction, and then assign it to this route. So just as we assign the loader, we now also must assign the action like this. And with that, if we go back and I edit this, if I click update, it takes a short while, but thereafter we're navigated back to this details page and we see this exclamation mark here. And of course it can be confusing that we have to wait for a short while where nothing happens. And we could therefore use another React Router feature here in EditEvent to give the user some feedback that the request is on its way. We can use the useNavigation hook provided by React Router and execute this here inside of EditEvent, useNavigation. And this hook will return an object which we can structure where we, for example, get this state here that will tell us what the current navigation state of React Router is. For example, whether we're currently submitting data. So we can use this state to show some loading text whilst we're submitting data. Down here where we got the cancel and update buttons, we could check if state is equal to submitting, for example. And if that's the case, I want to output a paragraph here where I'll say, sending data. And otherwise I want to output these two buttons here wrapped in a fragment like this. So that I'm using ternary expression based on this condition here to either show this text or the buttons. With that, if I make a change here we show this text until we're done and we then navigate away. And of course it's also weird that If I click on edit, it takes a short while until something happens. To provide a better user experience here we can use another hook provided by React Query. And I'll do that in this header component, which is simply this header that's always visible on all those pages. Here I got this div prepared where I wanna show a little loading progress bar, which is a standard HTML element if React Query is currently fetching data. And to find out if React Query is currently fetching data anywhere in this application, we can use a special hook provided by React Query. And that hook is called useIsFetching. We can execute this hook here in this component and we'll get back a value that in the end allows us to find out whether React Query is fetching somewhere in the application or not. Now, fetching will be a number that's zero if React Query is not fetching any data at this point of time anywhere in the application, or a higher number if React Query is fetching data. And we can use this to conditionally show this progress element. To only show it if fetching is greater than zero so that if we are fetching somewhere in this app this progress bar is shown. And with that, if I save this, you'll see that if I click edit, this progress bar appears and we see this screen. And we now see this whenever we're fetching data anywhere in this application. And this allows you to show some global data fetching indicator whenever React Query is fetching anywhere in this application. Now as our last and final step here, I also wanna make sure that we avoid redundant HTTP requests when using React Router in conjunction with React Query. And for that, let's take a look at the network tab. If I reload here on the details page and I then click edit, you'll notice that we got this request, which in the end is initiated by React Router but then also a second request to the same URL. And that second request is coming from React Query which we're still using in that EditEvent page. I'm still using the useQuery hook. And even though we, of course, will have cached data here, as you learned React Query will still go ahead and send an extra request behind the scenes to make sure that the cached data that's currently being used is the most recent data. Now that's of course kind of redundant here because we know that we just loaded the latest data with help of the loader a second ago or something like this. So re-fetching it again behind the scenes is really unnecessary here. And therefore here is a great place to set this staleTime which I showed you earlier in this section already, to a value like five or 10 seconds. So this would be 10 seconds here. With that, we're making sure that the cached data is used without re-fetching it behind the scenes if that data is less than 10 seconds old. And that's perfect here because with that, if I close this, I reload this page and I now click edit, we have one request here and that's the only request to this URL. But if I now, for example, wait for 10 seconds and I then go to a different page and come back to this page thereafter you see a second request was sent because the data was marked as stale in-between because we did exceed those 10 seconds and we did lose focus and regain focus, which is a trigger for React Query to re-fetch data. So that's all working and we're getting the best of both worlds and that's how you could use React Router with React Query.