In this lecture, we are going to talk about sequential execution because we want to understand that what is the problem that we can solve with the help of multiple threads. So in IntelliJ that we have installed in the previous lecture we can click on file. We can click on New project. Because I would like to create a new project. And the name of the project is Java Multi Threading Course. The location is just fine. You can define whatever location you prefer and we use IntelliJ related build system. Of course in real world applications such as when we create a microservice architecture we use some build tools such as Maven or Gradle. But I don't want to make things more complicated. IntelliJ can run Java applications without any problem. And we have Java 23 exactly as we have installed in the previous lectures. So let's click on Create Eight and IntelliJ is going to initialize our application. So we have the Java Multi-threading course as the name of the project. And we have a main class. And I am going to get rid of that. So let's right click and let's delete because I would like to create a new package. First of all we have com and my brand name Global Software support. And after that I would like to create a new Java class for example the application. And this is the class that we are going to handle. So first of all if we start typing main then IntelliJ is quite helpful because it creates the main method automatically. Public static void main with the one dimensional array of strings as the argument. So what? I want to show you that if we create, for example, several methods such as load images, then we have a to transform images, method and finally show images method. And just for demonstration purposes, I would like to create these private static methods. And just for demonstration purposes, let's print out that loading images. Then I copy and paste it because I would like to create the transform images method. We have the transform images. And then I copy and paste again because I would like to create the show images method. So showing images. And if we run this application of course it is quite straightforward that what's going to happen. We expect that these methods will be executed one by one. So first of all Java executes the first method and it waits until the method is executed and then it keeps executing other parts of the application within the main method on a line by line basis. So it calls the transform images method and it waits for the method to be executed. Then it calls the show images method. And this is how Java keeps executing the code on a line by line basis, essentially in a sequential manner. Okay, let's get rid of these because I would like to show you another example that we have a class runner one. And within this runner one class we have a public void execute method. And here we create a simple for loop. We start with integer zero until I is less than ten. We keep incrementing the value of I and we print out. So System.out.println. That runner one and we append the actual value of the I variable. So essentially we print out runner one zero. Runner 112345. Up to nine. Let's create another class. So I copy and paste it. We have the class two. Again we create an execute method with a for loop. And we print out runner two and all the variables one by one. Then in the main method we can instantiate a runner one as runner one. And then we create the runner one. By the way, after Java 17 we can create a variable like this. There is no need to define the type explicitly. Then we have runner two which is equals to a new runner two. And what I want to do is that I would like to call the execute method on runner one, and then the execute method on runner two. So if we save and run the application, then what's going to happen? What we discussed earlier is that Java executes all the operations in a sequential manner. So Java calls the execute method and Java waits for that given method to be executed. So this is exactly why we get runner one zero, runner 112, three, four, five, six, seven, eight and nine. After that this execute method finishes execution. So essentially we get back here and Java executes runner two related execute method. And this is why we have runner 201234 up to nine. So we came to the conclusion that the first runner will be executed. And after that the second runner will be executed. But what if we would like to execute both of these operations at the same time, with the help of the time slicing algorithm. So essentially we would like to execute a few operations from the first runner, then a few operations from the second runner, then again a few operations from the first runner and a few operations from the second runner. So this is exactly why multi-threading came to be. When we can execute multiple operations at the same time in a concurrent manner. And this is exactly what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures, that instead of sequential execution, as we see here, because Java is inherently sequential, when we do not create multiple threads explicitly, then everything will be executed one after the other in a sequential manner. If we want to execute multiple operations at the same time in a concurrent manner, then we have to create multiple threads. And this is exactly why multi-threading came to be. So let's get started.