In the previous lecture, we have been talking about sequential execution. We created the first runner that runs first, then we have the second runner that comes second. And we would like to achieve multi-threading with the help of the time slicing algorithm. So we would like to achieve something like this, that we create a first thread for the first runner, another thread for the second runner. And we would like to make sure that both of the runners will be executed simultaneously with the help of the time slicing algorithm. So Java executes some operations of the first runner. Then the first runner has to wait because the second runner will execute some operations, then the first runner, second runner, first runner, and so on. Okay, so what we have to do is that we have to make sure that the runner one that is a class Implements the so-called runnable interface. So what we have to do is that we have to click on more actions, and we have to implement the run method. So essentially this runnable is a functional interface which means that it contains just a single method. This is the so-called run method. And I am going to copy everything from the execute method. And I paste it into the run method. So the first conclusion is that whenever we are dealing with the runnable interface, we have to create a run method. And everything that is included in this run method will be executed by an independent thread. So we have to do the same for the second runner. So it implements the runnable interface, which means that we have to override the run method. And just to make sure that it is clear we have to use the override annotation. So this is the run method. And here we print out runner two with the I variable. Okay. So the first step is to make sure that these runners implement the runnable interface. And here what we can do is that we can create a new thread. As you can see we can instantiate a thread class that is included in the Java dot lang package. By the way, we don't have to define the type explicitly. This is the first thread we instantiate the given thread. And what's crucial that in the constructor we have to define a runnable interface. And this is exactly why we defined the classes like this. Because they are runnable interfaces. So we can instantiate the runner one. And as you can see it is working fine. So if I Wi-Fi. Copy and paste. We create the second thread with the second runner, and then we can call the start method on that thread. So first of all we have t1 dot start and we have t2 dot start. You may pose the question that what is this start method. Whenever we call the start method it allocates system resources for the new thread. And it calls the thread run method in a new call stack. So essentially under the hood, the Java virtual machine calls the run method that we have override a few minutes earlier. So the first thread executes this operation. The second thread executes this operation, which means that if we run the application then as you can see, we have managed to achieve multi-threading because for a short amount of time the second thread is executed, did then. The first thread is executed, then the second thread, then the first thread. The second thread, and so on. So as you can see, instead of sequential execution, when the first runner is executed and then the second runner is executed. In this case both of the runners. So essentially both of the threads are being executed at the same time in a concurrent manner. So we can come to the conclusion that if we have the first thread, so the first runner and the second thread, so the second runner, then as you can see, while the first thread is being executed, the second thread must wait. Then the first thread has to wait and the second thread will be executed for a short time period, then the first thread being executed, the second thread, the first thread, and so on. So as you can see essentially the central processing unit is shared between the two threads. So this is why the time slicing algorithm is used. And what I want to show you is that instead of creating a class that implements the runnable interface, we can define the runnable interface explicitly. The runnable interface is a so-called functional interface because it contains just a single method, and functional interfaces can be used with lambda expressions. So what we can do is that we can define runnable r one and it is equals to a lambda expression. So we can create the behavior essentially. So if we do something like this then here we can define the exact same behavior. So we create the first behavior as the first runnable. And then I can copy and paste it. We have the second runnable as a lambda expression. We have r two. And here we don't have to instantiate a class, but we can use the runnable that is lambda expression directly. So this is the new way of defining behaviors. By the way I like to define an independent clause because it is more straightforward that what's happening exactly under the hood. But anyways we can define the behavior as lambda expressions. So we have the runnable interfaces. And then we have the exact behavior. So if we save and rerun the application then we end up with the exact same behavior. And we have managed to achieve multi-threading. So now we are dealing with two threads. And these threads are executed at the same time concurrently with the time slicing algorithm.