In the previous lecture, we have been talking about how to create a thread with the help of the runnable interface. And of course, because runnable is a functional interface, we can define the behavior like this. And this is what we have to provide to the newly instantiated thread class. By the way, of course we can instantiate a new runnable. Here it is called anonymous inner class. And as you can see we can override the run method explicitly, which means that we can define the behavior of the thread during instantiation. So this run method is exactly the same as we define here. As you can see, IntelliJ is smart enough to figure out that anonymous new runnable can be replaced with lambda expression. So essentially if we do something like this then this is going to be exactly the same. So this is how we can create a thread. At least for me it is not that straightforward. What's happening exactly under the hood. You have to be familiar with lambda expressions and you have to understand the syntax. But anyways, it is working fine. What I want to show you is that instead of creating a thread with the help of the runnable interface, we can extend the thread class. So it is coming from the Java dot lang package. And now the runner two extends the thread class and the thread class has a run method, so it is working fine. So instead of implementing an interface, we can extend the thread class. And then we can instantiate the first thread as the new runner one. Because runner one is a thread because it extends the thread class. This is why it is working fine. Of course, we don't have to define the type explicitly, but we can use variable without any problem. And we have the second thread as runner two. And after that we can start the first thread and then we can start the second thread. So if I save and rerun the application, then we end up with exactly the same approach as we did earlier. So we have the second thread executed for a short period of time, then the first thread, then the second thread. First thread. So this is exactly the time slicing algorithm that the central processing unit keeps executing both of the threads in a concurrent manner. By the way, you can search for thread class Java and there is the documentation present on the official website of Oracle. So this is exactly what we are looking for. So this is where you can learn a bit more about the thread class. It is a thread of execution in a program. The Java Virtual machine allows an application to have multiple threads of execution running concurrently. Every thread has a priority. We are going to talk about it later. And what's crucial that we can take a look at all the possible methods that we can call. For example, we have the run method as you can see. So this is the run method that we are familiar with. And we have the start method. Whenever we call the start method it causes this thread to begin execution. The Java virtual machine calls the run method of this thread. And what I want to show you is that we can use the so-called sleep method that causes the current executing thread to sleep. So temporarily cease execution for the specified number of milliseconds, which means that here, during the execution of a given thread, first of all, we are going to execute multiple operations. So we have to use the for loop like this. And we can use thread dot sleep and we can define the number of milliseconds. So we are going to sleep. So essentially sees the execution of this thread for 100 milliseconds. And what we have to do we have to surround it with try catch block because it may throw an interruptedexception because what may happen if the application crashes during the sleep operation? This is when an interrupted exception happens. We can check the documentation and as you can see, this exception is thrown when a thread is waiting, sleeping, or otherwise occupied and the thread is interrupted either before or during the activity. Okay, so this is what we have to handle. And by the way, I copy and paste it because I would like to do the same for the first runner as well. And here we have runner one. So if we save and rerun the application, then we can come to the conclusion that the algorithm will be slower. By the way, let's make it to 1000 milliseconds. So essentially one second. So what does it mean that Java is going to wait for one second before printing the values. So if I rerun the application then we get the zero values. Then values one two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight and finally nine. So this is how we can stop the execution of the given thread for a predefined time period, in this case 1000 milliseconds or one second. And this is how we can use the thread class. So we can come to the conclusion that there are multiple ways to create threads. We can use the runnable interface, we can use anonymous inner classes and lambda expressions. And we can use the thread class exactly as we did here.