So far so good. We have been talking about how to create multiple threads that may be independent of each other, but there is a problem when dealing with multiple threads. So let's assume that we are dealing with the standard sequential approach. So let's get back to sequential. And if we call a download images method and then we have another method for example process images. Then because we are dealing with sequential execution there's not going to be any problem. Because first all the images will be downloaded no matter how much time we have to wait for this operation. If it takes 20 minutes, then Java waits for that given method to finish execution and then it executes the next method. So this is sequential execution, which means that it is going to work fine. What if we use multiple threads. So we are using multi-threaded environment and we download the images with a given thread and we process the images with another independent thread. As you may guess, it is not going to work fine because Java is going to assign a thread to the download images method, and right after that, immediately it calls the process images method in another thread. But of course, first we have to wait for the images to be downloaded. And this is why the final conclusion is that multi-threading is an extremely powerful approach. But we have to be very careful because it is more complicated than a standard single threaded application with sequential execution. And this is exactly why we are going to talk about the join method, because with the help of the join method, we can wait for a given thread to finish execution, for example, if we need some data for further operations. So just to summarize again in Java there is a so-called main thread. So whenever we run the application Java is going to execute the main method. And there is a single thread assigned to that given method. So the main thread is the initial thread that starts automatically when your Java program begins execution. It is responsible for executing the code in the main method. And of course we can start other threads from this main thread. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that we can create a thread for the runner one. We can create another thread for runner two, but it is crucial that the main thread continues immediately. It doesn't pose or wait for the new threads, which means that the main thread is not going to wait for the first thread or the second thread to finish execution. It continues the execution if we want to wait for these threads to finish execution. This is when we have to use join and this is the join point. So essentially the main thread is going to wait for other threads to finish execution. But we have to implement it explicitly. So by default the main thread is not going to wait for the other threads to finish execution. By the way, we can test this behavior. If I print out system.out.print line that finished with all the runners. If I save and run the application, then you may come to the conclusion based on sequential execution that first of all, Java is going to execute runner one and runner two, and then it prints out finished with all the runners. But this is not what happens when it starts both the threads immediately. It continues with the main method and this is why. First it prints out finished with all the runners, and then we keep getting the data from the first thread and from the second thread. This is exactly what we have discussed earlier, that the main thread creates the first runner and the second runner, but it keeps going with the main method. So what if we would like to make sure that the main thread or the main method waits for the other threads? We can use t1 and we can call the join method. If we take a look at the documentation, the join method waits for this thread to terminate. And of course we have to handle the exception that is the interrupted exception. So either we throws Interruptedexception or we can use try catch block. So let's click on more actions and surround with try catch. And as you can see we have to handle the interrupted exception. By the way when we are dealing with multiple threads we have to handle interrupted exception all the time. Okay, so this is when the main method waits for the first thread to finish with the execution. And by the way, if we wait and sleep one second with the second thread and just 100 milliseconds with the first thread, it means that the first thread will finish first. Then, because the main thread is waiting for the first thread, it continues the execution. So we will print out finish with all the runners and then there will be some other operations associated with the second thread. So if we save and run the application, then this is exactly what's going to happen. We have the first thread and the second thread as well, because under the hood there is the time slicing algorithm. So multiple threads are executed concurrently with the time slicing algorithm. Then because the first thread finishes execution, it printed out all the values from 0 to 9. So essentially this operation finishes. This is when the main method can continue with the execution. So we print out finished with all the runners and then we have the second thread related data. You may pose the question what if we would like to wait for multiple threads? We can do it without any problem. We can use t2 dot join. So what does it mean that the main thread starts the first runner. So the first thread and the second runner. So the second thread. And after that because we call the join method on both of these threads. The main method has no other option but to wait for all these threads to finish execution, and after it prints out, finished with all the runners. So essentially the main thread can continue without any problem. So if I save and rerun the application now we have the first thread finishes quite fast. Then we have the second thread because it is slower. So let's wait for it. And when all these threads finished execution, this is when the main thread can continue. And in this case we just print out finished with all the runners. Okay, so this is how we can wait for threads to finish execution. And by the way we can call join method from the first thread. The second thread the main thread. So the join method is an extremely powerful approach to wait for one or multiple threads. Finish execution.