In this lecture, I would like to show you how to get the list of active threads in the background, because I guess it is quite interesting to see. So first of all, we have the exact same application where we left off in the previous lecture. So essentially we have the first thread. The second thread, we start these threads and then we join on these threads, which means that the main thread waits for these threads to finish execution. After starting the threads, I would like to list all threads in the Java virtual machine so we can create a for loop. We deal with threads, so thread t and what we have to do is that we have to use thread. We have get all stack traces and we have the key set. And as you can see the key set method returns with a set. So an unordered collection of threads. And this is exactly what we need. And I would like to print out so System.out.print line the name of the thread and the state of the thread, so we can get the name from the actual thread, and we can get the state as well. So if we save and run this application, then let's stop it. Because I just want to see that what are the active threads under the hood. And as you can see, there are several threads created by the Java Virtual machine. First of all we have the main thread. This is what we have discussed earlier that whenever we start the Java application, it executes the main method. The Java Virtual Machine assigns a thread, the so-called main thread, to the main method, so we can come to the conclusion that we cannot run a Java application without a thread, because if we do not create threads, then there's going to be a single thread, this so-called main thread under the hood. So this is the main thread. And then we have the threads that we created. Thread zero and thread one. These are the threads that we created for the runner one and runner two. Then we have a notification thread a finalizer thread. And finally there are garbage collector related threads such as this reference handler and common cleaner. These threads keep monitoring the heap memory and keeps removing unused objects. Okay, so this is what I wanted to show you that under the hood there are several threads such as the main thread and of course all the other threads that we have created manually. And in the coming lectures we are going to talk about daemon threads, and we will come to the conclusion that these threads that the Java virtual machine creates for garbage collection are essentially daemon threads. Okay, so that's all about the threads in the Java virtual machine. Thanks for watching.