In this lecture, we are going to talk about an interesting topic that is a common interview question whether sequential execution is faster or when using multiple threads. So let's take a look at the problem itself. Let's assume that we are dealing with sequential execution. So the central processing unit executes the first operation for example the first method. And after that the second method in a sequential manner. What if we are using multiple threads. In this case, just for demonstration purposes, we are using two threads. In this case, the time slicing algorithm is going to execute these operations on a step by step basis. So the central processing unit executes a portion of the first task. Then it switches to the second task, then it gets back to the first task and so on. By the way, the central processing unit processes a given slice for approximately ten milliseconds, and after that it switches to the other thread. So the first conclusion that in theory it is exactly the same. So no matter we are dealing with sequential execution or multi-threading of course, because the operations are splitted into smaller parts. This is why the final running time will be approximately the same. But of course, in real world multi-threading might be slower due to context switching. So context switching is when a central processing unit stops executing one task or one thread and switches to the other. So of course, as you may guess, whenever the central processing unit stops executing the first thread related operation and it switches to the second thread related operation. Of course, it takes some time. And of course there are several context switching like that. So this is why multi-threading may be slower, because the central processing unit must save the state of the actual thread, so the registers, the program counter and so on. It has to load the state of the next thread to be executed. And finally it updates internal bookkeeping such as memory mapping, scheduling, queues, and so on. So context switching is quite an expensive operation. This is exactly why it is not always a good solution to introduce multiple threads into the application. By the way, as you may guess, and this is exactly why we are going to talk about parallel computing. Because in the 21st century, there are multiple CPUs or CPU cores in a given computer. And of course, if there are multiple CPUs, then the operating system can assign every thread to independent CPUs, which means that whenever we use multi-threading, essentially the operations are executed in parallel. That will be faster, of course, but if we assume that there is just a single central processing unit, then introducing multiple threads into the application is not going to make the application faster, but it makes the application slower due to context switching. And of course, you may pose the question that if multi-threading is usually slower, then why use multi-threading? First of all, because of concurrency. Multi-threading allows a program to do multiple things at once. For example, a general user interface application can remain responsive while loading data in the background, or a server can handle multiple client requests simultaneously. Then it improves resource utilization, so multi-threading helps utilize idle CPU time, especially in input output bound applications. So, for example, while one thread waits for a slow disk or network operation, another thread can keep the CPU busy. So the final conclusion is that it is not a good idea to use multiple threads. We have to use multiple threads if needed, and if we want the application to do multiple things at once.