In this lecture we are going to talk about the three types of threads. The first type is the user thread. Essentially this is what we have been talking about in the previous lectures. So user thread in Java is a lightweight subprocess, the smallest unit of processing, and it is used for any main or regular tasks. We can use the runnable interface and we have to override the run method. So this is the first way to create a thread. And we can extend the thread class directly. And we have to override the run method. So there are multiple ways to create threads. This is exactly what we have discussed in the previous lectures, and user threads are typically created directly or indirectly from the main thread. We have been talking about the main thread in one of the previous lecture. So whenever we start a Java application, Java assigns a thread the so-called the main thread to execute the main method. And of course, from the main method it is possible to create other threads. This is exactly what we have created earlier. We have the main thread and the main thread created the first thread and the second thread. So essentially the first runner and the second runner accordingly. So this is why user threads are typically created from the main thread. Then there are worker threads. So this is the second type of threads. Worker threads are user defined threads that perform specific tasks, often in a thread pool. We are going to talk about thread pools, and it is an extremely powerful way to create and handle multiple threads, and these thread pools allow multiple tasks to run in parallel. So we will talk about executors and executor services. And we can create a predefined number of threads, and with the help of these threads, we can execute specific tasks, usually in parallel. So these are called worker threads that are usually handled by executor services, and worker threads are typically created directly or indirectly from the main thread. So this is why the main thread is extremely crucial in Java. By the way, typical real world examples for worker threads are web servers. So web servers handling a huge number of client requests. And usually we create a thread pool with a fixed number of threads, which means that every single client request is processed by a worker thread from the thread pool, usually in parallel. By the way, there is a common assumption in articles and videos online that worker threads and user threads are the same, and more or less it is true. And finally, the third type of thread is daemon thread. So daemon threads are background threads that run in support of user threads. What's crucial that it doesn't prevent the Java virtual machine from exiting once all user threads finish? We are going to talk about it later. For example, Java's timer uses a daemon thread by default, and it is crucial for background monitoring tasks to monitor application's state, memory logs, and so on. Okay, so let's take a look at concrete examples. First of all, let's create a standard thread. So we have the normal worker that implements the runnable interface as usual. Which means that we have to override the run method so more actions and implement the run method accordingly. And just for demonstration purposes I create a while loop and within the while loop. I sleep for 1000 milliseconds, so essentially one second. And of course, we have to handle the interrupted exception as usual when we are dealing with threads. And after that I print out that executing the normal thread. This is the normal worker, and we can instantiate a new thread t1 as a new thread. And here we instantiate a normal worker in the constructor. And what do we have to do. We have to start that thread. So under the hood Java Virtual Machine starts that thread. And if we save and run the application then we can come to the conclusion that the main thread creates another thread. This is a typical user thread, the normal worker itself, and because it has an infinite while loop, it is not going to be terminated because the Java virtual machine does not kill user or worker threads. It is absolutely crucial. So when we create a normal thread or a user thread, then it is a so-called foreground thread with high priority, which means that the Java virtual machine is not going to terminate that thread. So let's stop the execution and let's see what's going to happen if we create a daemon thread. So we have the daemon worker that implements the runnable interface. And just for demonstration purposes I copy the run method and we create a while loop. We sleep for one second and then executing the daemon thread. It is an infinite loop, so we may come to the conclusion that it is not going to be terminated by the Java virtual machine, and I update the normal worker related run method, and we sleep for 1000 milliseconds. So one second and then we print out that executing the normal thread. Let's make sure that we sleep for just 100 milliseconds with the daemon worker. And then of course we have to create the other thread. So thread we have t2 as the new thread. And of course we have the daemon worker. So this is how we instantiate another thread. And by the way we can set daemon and it is equals to true. So this is how we set the second thread to be a daemon thread. By the way we can do something like this that set daemon None for us. But of course, this is the default value. By the way, let's print out the T2 is daemon and I can do the same for the first thread as well. So let's make sure that it is clear that the first thread is a user thread. The second thread is a daemon thread. So if we run the application then. As you can see, the first thread is not a daemon thread. The second thread is a daemon thread. After that we can start the first thread, and then we can start the second thread. And we may come to the conclusion that because the daemon worker has an infinite loop, the Java virtual machine is not going to terminate that thread. And let's see what's going to happen. If we run the application, then we can come to the conclusion that the daemon thread is running. Then we execute the normal thread and because the normal thread finishes execution here after printing out executing the normal thread, this is why the normal thread ceased to exist, which means that there's going to be just the daemon worker or the daemon thread in the Java virtual machine. And this is extremely crucial that if there are no user or worker threads in the Java virtual machine, it terminates the application. By the way, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section that JVM terminates daemon threads. If no user or worker threads are present. And this is exactly what's happening here. While we have the user thread in the Java virtual machine, the daemon thread keeps executing after the user thread finishes execution and we have just the daemon thread in the Java virtual machine. Then Java terminates the daemon thread immediately and finishes the application. So we can come to the conclusion that user threads or worker threads perform core application tasks, while on the other hand, daemon threads are background threads that support user threads. The Java virtual machine waits for user threads to finish, while on the other hand it doesn't wait for daemon threads. All threads are user threads by default. On the other hand, we must explicitly set daemon threads with the help of the set daemon method. Then usually user threads have higher priority and daemon threads have lower priority, which means that user threads are foreground threads and daemon threads are background threads. Okay, so these are the different types of threads. Thanks for watching.