In this lecture we are going to talk about threat priority. So first of all, we know for certain that within a given process there may be several threads. So just for demonstration purposes, let's assume that there are five threads within our application within a given process. And we know for certain that these threads are executed by the central processing unit. But of course, a single central processing unit can execute just a single thread at a given time. So essentially this is why the thread scheduler came to be, which is part of the Java virtual machine that decides what thread will be executed by the central processing unit. So essentially the time slicing algorithm is handled by the thread scheduler. So a good question that if we have multiple threads just for demonstration purposes, five threads, then what's going to be the order in which the central processing unit will execute these threads. And this is why we have to talk about thread priorities. So what's crucial that we can assign a priority value within the range one up to ten to every single thread. The minimum priority is one, the maximum priority is ten, and the default priority is five. So if we do not define a priority for a given thread, then it will have the priority value five. And of course threads with higher priority will be executed before threads with lower priorities. So if we assume that all the threads have the same priority value, for example the default priority which is five, then these are going to be executed in a first in first served manner. This is why thread scheduler has a queue abstract data type that stores the given threads. And if we assume that every single thread in our application have the same priority, then these are going to be executed in a first in first served manner. And of course, the thread scheduler can use the time slicing algorithm in order to run multiple threads at the same time. So if we assume that all the threads have the same priority, then the first thread will be executed for a small amount of time than the second thread. Then the third thread. Then the first one again, the second one and the third one. Then again. So as you can see, in this case all the threads have the same priority value. Of course, you may guess that what's going to happen if there are some threads with higher priority. Higher priority threads are executed before lower priority threads, but it depends on the underlying operating system. What's crucial that thread starvation is avoided, which means that if a given thread with higher priority is going to be executed first, then it may happen that a given thread with low priority is not going to be executed at all. And of course, the Java virtual machine and the thread scheduler wants to avoid this situation. So this is why, despite the fact that a thread has a high priority, it may happen that a thread with lower priority is going to be executed by the central processing unit for a little time. Slice. Of course, the time slicing algorithm is going to handle multiple threads at the same time, but of course, threads with higher priority value has higher probability that they will be handled by the central processing unit. So let's take a look at a concrete example. First of all, I would like to show you that we can print out the thread dot actual thread. So current thread dot get name. This is how we can print out the name of the actual thread. And of course because we are in the main method, this is the main thread. This is what we have discussed earlier and we can print out the priority. So we have system.out.print line. We have the thread current thread which is the actual thread, and we can get the priority that is an integer value. So if we save and run the application, the value is five. The priority is an integer value within the range one up to ten, one represents low priority and ten represents the highest priority. And of course, the larger the value, the higher the priority. So let's take a look at a concrete example that if we create a task, we have class task that implements the runnable interface as usual. And of course we have to add the run method. So implement method run. This is exactly what we have to override. And I am going to create a for loop I is equals to zero I is less than or equals to five plus plus I. And what I do is that I print out that the actual thread. This is thread current thread get name. And then we have count and we append the value of the I counter. And then we sleep. So thread dot sleep for 100 milliseconds. And of course we have to handle the interrupted exception as usual. So I surround it with try catch. And what we can do is that in the main method we can create a thread t1. This is the low priority thread which is equals to a new thread. And here we instantiate a new task. By the way, we can define the name of the thread. This is the low priority thread. So as you can see, IntelliJ is helpful enough to show that this is the name of the thread that we can define. So this is the low priority thread. Then we have the medium priority thread. So let's use medium and we have the medium priority thread. And we have the high priority thread. This is the high priority thread. And what we can do is that we can set priority. First of all we can use integer values within the range one up to ten. If we define a value that is outside the scope of one and ten, then there's going to be an exception. Or we can use thread minimum priority. Then we have the normal priority. By the way let's rename it to normal. And we have normal thread set priority thread dot normal priority. This is the integer representation five. Of course the minimum is one. And finally we have the high. We set priority to be thread dot maximum priority which is ten in integer representation. And then whenever we start these threads we expect that the maximum priority thread will be executed first, then the normal priority. Then finally the minimum priority thread is executed. So let's see whether it works as expected or not. So if I start all the threads we save and run the application. Then we can come to the conclusion that the low priority thread is executed first, then high priority thread, then medium, then medium, high low again. So essentially it is quite random. So the first conclusion is that despite the fact that we define these priorities, essentially nothing happens. So this non-deterministic behavior of thread priorities in Java stems from how thread scheduling works, and the fact that it is largely controlled by the underlying operating system, and not the Java virtual machine. By the way, it is quite common when we use multi-threading, despite the fact that we create these threads programmatically. The underlying operating system executes these operations, so it creates the threads, it handles priorities and so on, which means that we don't have full control over what's going to happen, despite the fact that we create the application in Java because different operating systems such as Linux, Windows or Mac OS thread priorities differently. These priorities that we defined earlier provides a suggestion, not a guarantee. The Java virtual machine poses this to the underlying operating system, but the operating system may ignore or override it. Many modern operating systems use time sharing or so-called preemptive multilevel queue schedulers, which may not respect Java level priority consistently. By the way, on windows operating system, you might see more effect from thread priorities on Linux and Mac OS. Priorities are often ignored or mapped differently. Okay, so this is why we see some random behavior that despite the fact that we define the priorities, essentially these priorities are ignored by the operating system. So that's all about priorities. Thanks for watching.