As of now, we deployed all our microservices into a local Kubernetes cluster. Inside this section, we are going to learn on how to deploy our microservices into a Kubernetes cluster that we have created in one of the cloud provider. Kubernetes is so modular and flexible and extensible that it can be deployed on on premises or in a third party data center or in any of the cloud providers. And if needed, you can create an Kubernetes cluster across multiple cloud providers as well. But usually creating and maintaining a Kubernetes cluster can be very challenging, especially in on premises. That's why many enterprise organizations, they look for the cloud providers, which will make their job easier to maintain their microservices architecture using Kubernetes cluster. If you are going to work on any real time project who are trying to deploy their microservices into a Kubernetes cluster, then there is a very good chance that your organization may use any of the cloud providers that I have highlighted in the slide. Like, you know, we have three famous cloud providers from Amazon we have AWS, from Google we have GCP, from Microsoft we have Azure. So all these cloud providers, they provide Kubernetes capabilities with different, different names. For example, inside GCP, we call the Kubernetes product as GKE, which means Google Kubernetes engine. Similarly inside the AWS, we call it as EKS, which means elastic Kubernetes service. And at last, inside Azure, the Kubernetes product is called as AKS, which means Azure Kubernetes service. Inside this course, I'm going to show you on how to deploy our applications into the Kubernetes cluster that we are going to create inside the GCP, which is Google Cloud provider. The reason why I choose GCP compared to AWS and Azure is, inside GCP, when you try to create a new account, they are going to give you a $300 free credit using which you can explore many of the products provided by the GCP. Off course, AWS, Azure, they also provide some free credit, but inside the GCP only with the help of free credits or free tier, we can create a Kubernetes cluster. Whereas with AWS and Azure, we need to pay some money to create the Kubernetes cluster, even though we are a new user. With that reason, I'm going to create a Kubernetes cluster inside GCP. I hope this is also going to be helpful for you because without putting your own money, you can try to create Kubernetes cluster inside cloud and deploy your microservices into the GCP provided Kubernetes cluster. I hope you are clear with the agenda of this session. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.