Are you excited to create a Kubernetes cluster inside Google Cloud? I'm very excited to show you the steps that you need to follow to create the Kubernetes cluster. Don't worry, it is not going to be super complex. It is a very, very simple task to create a Kubernetes cluster inside any of the cloud environment. So to create a Kubernetes cluster, you can either click on this option, which is a create a GKE cluster, or you can search for Kubernetes in the search box and you will have an option, which is Kubernetes engine. So please click on the Kubernetes engine option since you are trying to access this Kubernetes engine very first time inside your account, it is going to ask you to enable the Kubernetes Engine API. So please click on this Enable option. And as soon as you enable the Kubernetes Engine API, it is asking you to enable the building so you can click on this enable billing option. As soon as you click on the Enable option, then you will be landed on to the Kubernetes engine page. Here you have an option to create a Kubernetes cluster. Please click on the same. By default it is going to show you an option to create an auto pilot cluster. Auto pilot cluster is a flavor of Kubernetes cluster provided by the Google Cloud to make our life easy. So based upon our traffic, the cluster capacity will be automatically adjusted by the Google Cloud. But if you go with this option, we will not be able to explore much about the Kubernetes cluster because the heavy lifting is going to be done by the Google Cloud. And this is the easiest option that any organization they can follow to set up the Kubernetes cluster. But inside this course, since we want to explore more about the Kubernetes cluster inside the Google Cloud, we need to make sure we are clicking on this switch to Standard Cluster. So let me click on this and it is going to ask you for confirmation one more time. So let me click on this switch to Standard Cluster. Now here I need to give a name to my cluster so I'm fine with this name, which is cluster-1. We should be fine with all the default values. We can straight away come towards the end and click on this create button. But before that, here you can see estimated monthly cost. If you try to run this cluster continuously for one month, you are going to be charged $176. That means $0.24 per hour. But don't worry, we are not going to take much time. Within an hour we are going to close the discussion. On top of that, you also have free credits. You should not be charged anything if you follow my instructions. Now I'm good with all these default settings. Let me click on this create button. As soon as I click on the Create button, The Kubernetes cluster creation process will get started with a default capacity of three nodes. So it is going to be created at this location. So this is going to take at least five minutes time. So please wait for five minutes for your Kubernetes cluster to get created successfully. I hope you are clear with the steps that we followed to create a Kubernetes cluster inside Google Cloud. From the next lecture, let's try to explore more details about these Kubernetes cluster and how to deploy our microservices into this Kubernetes cluster. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.