After five minutes my Kubernetes cluster is successfully created inside Google Cloud. You should be able to see the status here with a green tick. That means the Kubernetes cluster is successfully created. To know more details about our Kubernetes cluster, we can click on this hyperlink, which will open a new page. In this page, we'll have additional information about our Kubernetes cluster, like where the Kubernetes cluster is created, under which zone, under which country. So all those details we can see here. Similarly, if we can click on this nodes, you'll be able to see the list of nodes available inside your Kubernetes cluster. As of now, you can see my Kubernetes cluster created with the three nodes, the same nodes I'm able to see here. Inside this nodes table only, you should be able to see all the CPU and memory related information that is assigned to your nodes. To understand more details about a particular node, you can click on the hyperlink and that will take you to the another page where you can see the CPU utilization, memory utilization, disk utilization of your node. And you can scroll down on this page. You'll be able to see the list of pods that are executed inside your particular node. As of now, you can see there are good amount of pods are installed by the Google Cloud for maintaining my Kubernetes cluster behind the scenes. Like you can see here, we are able to see the CPU information, memory information, disk information. So how we are able to see this, my Google Cloud behind the scenes, it installed a pod which is responsible to collect all the metrics. You can see the same here, like gke-metrics-agent. Similarly, all the parts that is required to manage your Kubernetes cluster is going to be installed by default. Once you validated everything on this page, you can navigate back to the previous page. And for some reason, if you want to add more number of nodes to your Kubernetes cluster, you can use this option, which is add node pool. So once you validated all this information, you can go back to the main page where you can see the cluster that is created inside the Google Cloud. Here as a next step, we need to connect with these Google Cloud Kubernetes cluster from our local system. For the same, you can click on this three dots and here there will be an option connect. You can click on the same post that you will get a command which you need to copy and execute the same inside your local with the help of Google Cloud cli. So let me click on this okay. Post that inside my terminal, I'm going to paste the same command and execute the same here. And this will establish a connection with my Kubernetes cluster that I have created inside the Google Cloud. And you can see I also have an output saying that Kubeconfig entry generated for the cluster hyphen one inside my local system. So to validate if the connection is really working or not, I can run the command which is kubectl get nodes and this will give the output as like you can see on the screen. Since I have three nodes, I'm able to see the three nodes inside my output. And here you may have a question like previously we connected to the local Kubernetes cluster. Now all of a sudden we are able to connect to the Kubernetes cluster present inside my Google Cloud. So how is this possible? What happened to my previous connection with my local Kubernetes cluster? Because we didn't even delete the local Kubernetes cluster. For the same, let's go to the Docker desktop icon. Here there is an option, kubernetes and you should be able to see all the connection details. Since right now I connected to a new cluster that is marked as a default context. If I change the context to the Docker desktop and run the same command, which is kubectl get nodes, I'll get only one node because inside my local Kubernetes cluster I have only single node. So using the context inside Kubernetes, you can connect to any number of Kubernetes cluster and whenever you want to interact with the particular Kubernetes cluster, you need to make sure you are changing the context to the corresponding Kubernetes cluster. So I'm changing the context here and I'll go and run the command, which is kubectl get nodes. This time I'll get the output as three nodes. I hope you are clear as a next step, we need to start applying our helm charts and Kubernetes manifest files on top of the Kubernetes cluster that we have created in the Google Cloud. So let me do the same. For the same, let me navigate into the section_17 folder inside my workspace. Thoughwe are right now in the section 18. Since we are not going to make any code changes, I'm going to use the same helm charts, same code, same Kubernetes manifest files that we have inside the section 17. So first, we need to make sure we are setting up the Discovery server inside the Kubernetes cluster. So to install the same let me go into the Kubernetes folder. And from this folder I'm going to run the command, which is kubectl apply -f and followed by what is the Kubernetes manifest file. The Kubernetes manifest file is kubernetes-discoveryserver.yaml. So let me execute this command. I'm getting a connection timeout error. Let me try to connect to my Kubernetes cluster one more time with the Gcloud command that we have executed previously. So I'm trying to execute this command again. This will connect to my cluster one more time and this time I'm going to run the same command, which is kubectl apply. Finally, I'm able to apply this Kubernetes Discovery server dot yaml file after two three times attempt. Since there is a network issue inside my local system due to which I'm not able to connect very quickly with my remote Kubernetes cluster. So now we have installed the Kubernetes Discovery server. As a next step, I can try to run the command, which is helm ls. As of now, we don't have any installations done inside our remote kubernetes cluster with the help of Helm. So to get started with the helm installations, first let me clean the console and the very first helm installation that I'm going to do is, kick log. So let me run the command, which is helm install keycloak with the help of Keycloak chart. So if I try to run this, I'm getting an output because I'm not in the right folder location. Let me go back to the parent folder and here post that I will navigate into the helm folder. From the helm folder, I'm going to run the same command which is helm install keycloak keycloak. As a response to my helm installation command, I got an output saying that that the keycloak installation is going on and I can follow these steps to connect with my keycloak server. We can try to connect to our keycloak later, but let me try to continue with the remaining helm installations. The next installation that I want to do is related to the Kafka, so let me try to run the command, which is helm install kafka kafka. And this will install Kafka cluster inside my Kubernetes cluster. Now my Kafka installation also is completed. Let me clean the console, followed by I'm going to run the helm install prometheus. So this time I'm going to install prometheus helm chart. The Prometheus Helm chart is available with the name kube-prometheus. So I'm trying to install this and this will install Prometheus inside my remote Kubernetes cluster once the installation of Prometheus is completed. As a next step, I can try to run the Loki related helm chart. For the same, I'm going to run the helm install loki followed by Loki Helm Chart Name. The Loki Helm chart name is grafana-loki. So this will initiate the installation of Loki inside my remote Kubernetes cluster. So let's wait for a few seconds here. After the Loki is installed, we can try to install tempo as well for the same let me run the command, which is helm install tempo, Grafana hyphen tempo, which is a helm chart of tempo. So let me try to execute this command and this will install tempo as well into the Kubernetes cluster. As a next step, we can try to install Grafana into our Kubernetes cluster. So now my tempo also installed, let me clean the console and run the command, which is helm install Grafana followed by what is our helm chart name of Grafana. The helm chart name is Grafana itself. I'm trying to execute the same command and this will install Grafana inside my Kubernetes cluster post this we can try to install our easy bank helm chart. For the same, let me clean the console and go back to the parent folder. Now from this helm folder, I need to navigate into the environments folder. So from this environments folder I'm going to run the command which is helm install easybank which is the release name and what is the helm chart that I want to consider. So here I'm going to consider prod env helm chart. So let me try to execute this command and this will initiate the deploying of all our microservices into the remote Kubernetes cluster. So the deployment of our microservice started behind the scenes. I assume you are already familiar with all these steps because the same steps are the same process we followed even with the local Kubernetes cluster as well, nothing is going to be different. It's just that your production Kubernetes cluster or the Cloud Kubernetes cluster is going to have some more capacity compared to your local Kubernetes cluster. I hope this all clear to you. In the next lecture, we can try to validate if all our deployments are successful or not. So behind the scenes, I'm going to wait for 5 to 10 minutes for all the deployments to complete. Post that, I'm going to continue the discussion in the next lecture. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.