I waited for ten minutes behind the scenes post ten minutes only, I came to my Kubernetes cluster to validate if all the installations are successful or not. I would also recommend you to wait for at least ten minutes. Sometimes it may complete even within five minutes also, but at least make sure you are waiting ten minutes before you try to assume that something is not working. So to understand if the installation of our helm charts and our applications is completed or not, you can click on your cluster inside this page, you can go to the nodes and here you will be able to see all the list of nodes like one, two, three. Let me click on any of the node. If I go to into a particular node, you will be able to see all the running pods inside that node. So if I try to change these rows per page to 30, I will be able to see all the pods running inside a particular node. So there are Prometheus related pods inside this node, there are Loki related pods, there is Kafka related pod. So this way we can understand under which node a particular pod is running. If you are able to see this green tick marks for all your pods, that means all your containers are deployed into the pods successfully without any issues. But to make sure everything is going to work like we expected, we should make sure Gateway server container is deployed successfully or not. Because without Gateway server we cannot test any of the microservices. So to understand under which node my gateway server pod is installed, I can manually go into the all the nodes and look for the gateway server pod. Or I can also try to run few commands inside my terminal. So inside my terminal I'm going to run a command which is kubectl get pods and this will give me list of all pods that got created inside my Kubernetes cluster. So you need to look for the pod with the name Gateway Server. So this is the gateway server related pod. So let me copy this entire pod name post that you need to run the command, which is kubectl describe pod and what is the pod name. And this will give you more details about your pod. Inside this output, you should be able to see information about the node where it has installed. So here you can see this is the node where my gateway server pod is installed. The node ID is ending with w6cb. So let's remember that and go back to the Kubernetes cluster. So here I'll go back to the page where I can see all the nodes. Inside these three nodes I will look for the node which is ending with the values w6b. So the last node is the node where our gateway server is installed. So here I can look for the pod with the name Gateway Server. So let me select the 50 option in this rows per page post that I should be able to search for gateway. And you can see here I have a gateway server pod. I can click on this and this will show me the status of my gateway server pod. And inside this only the gateway server related container deployed. We can click on these events to understand the list of events happen. So here it is clearly highlighted that it use so-and-so image to set up a container. Inside this pod, we can go to the logs here, we can see all the logs related to the gateway server container. So with this I got a confidence that my gateway server is successfully installed. As a next step, we can also click on this workloads. Workloads means your deployments and this page, you can see all the deployments happens based upon your instructions. So these are all the deployments using these deployments only the replicas and the pods and the containers will be deployed into the Kubernetes cluster. Once we confirm that most of the deployments are successful, we can go to the service and ingress. And at these services we can see all the services that are created based upon our deployment instructions. So most of the services, we expose them as a cluster IP except a keycloak and a gateway server. Beacause we want to create some credentials with the help of keycloak admin server and post that we also want to send all the traffic to the gateway server. That's why we need to expose the gateway server to the outside of the Kubernetes cluster. So whenever we use a service type as LoadBalancer in the cloud environment, it is going to create a public IP using which you can access your microservice. If needed, your Kubernetes admins, they can map these public IP to a domain name or to a DNS name. So all my services are also deployed successfully. I'm able to see the green status here with the symbol. We can also check if all the secrets and config maps are created. So these are all the secrets and config maps created. So as a next step we can go to the services and here first I will try to access the keycloak server. To access the keycloak we can copy this URL. So let me copy this URL, post that inside an inognito tab, I'm going to access the same and that will show me the keycloak administration console. So let me click on this option. Here I need to enter my admin credentials. The admin credentials are user and the password is password itself based upon our settings inside the helm chart of keycloak. So as soon as I click sign in I should be able to log in into my administration console. So here I'm going to click on this clients and post that I'll try to create a client with the name easybank-callcenter-cc . Let me click on this next and post that I will enable the client authentication and disable all these options. Once I disable the options, I'm going to enable the service account roles I'm going to click on next, save post that I'll go to the credentials. Inside these credentials, I'm going to copy the secret and mention the same inside my postman and here inside my postman, I should also update the access token URL. As of now we have the localhost, but instead of localhost we need to mention the public IP of keycloak. So the public IP is 34.68.159.112. So let me try to mention the same here. After creating a client, we need to create the roles also. So I'm going to create a new role with the name accounts followed by I'm going to create one more role with the name cards. Once the cards is successfully created, I'll create the last role that we need, which is loans. Once all the roles are created, we can go to the clients and open the easybank-callcenter-cc client and go to service account roles. And here we need to assign all the roles like accounts, cards and loans. And with this, the role mapping is updated. As a next step, let's go and test the APIs. Inside the Postman, first, I'll try to invoke some get APIs. So here I'm trying to invoke the contact-info API inside my accounts microservice, but don't try to send the request to the localhost. We should mention the public IP of the gateway server. For the same here we need to look for the public IP. So this is the public IP details. So let me copy this values and mention the same here inside the keycloak. Post that I'm going to click on the send button. You can see I'm getting an output. Let me go and invoke the cards API also. But before that, let me update the public IP, here also, I'm getting an output. Let me invoke the loans API . Here also, I should get a successful response. Now as an next step, I'll go to the post request here before I try to create an account. I need to get an access token. For the same, let me click on this get new access token. Once the Access Token is received, I'm going to click on the proceed and use the token. Once the token is added, I will replace the localhost with the public IP and send the request and I should get a successful response, which is 201 account created successfully. As a next step, we can try to create card details as well. Here first, please make sure you have mentioned the correct client secret and updated the access token url with the public IP of Keycloak. Post that you can click on this Get new Access token. Once you receive the access token, you can update the localhost details with the public IP address of Gateway Server and click on the send button. With that, you will get a successful response saying that card created successfully. Now let me do the same for loans microservice. First, I need to get the access token post that I'll use the access token and update the localhost with the public IP of Gateway server. Once the IP details are updated, I'm going to click on the send button and this will give me a response saying that my loan details are also created successfully. At last we can go to the get API inside the accounts microservice, which is fetchCustomerDetails. So here I'm going to click on the send button, but before that we need to make sure we are updating the localhost with the public IP. Now we should get a successful response. So here I'm getting a successful response of my accounts, loans and cards and this confirms all our setup is working fine. I hope this is all clear to you and your super happy that all the things are working like we expected even inside the cloud. Also in the next lecture, let's try to validate the Grafana components as well. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.