Inside this lecture, let's try to validate the grafana components, whether they are working properly or not inside the Google Cloud Kubernetes cluster. As of now, our Grafana is deployed as a cluster IP service. You can confirm the same on this page against the Grafana we have the type as cluster IP. And there is no public IP for us to access the Grafana. So in this kind of scenarios, your Kubernetes admin is going to have two options. Either he can update the helm chart to have the type as load balancer and run the helm upgrade command and with that the developer should be able to access Grafana. And the other option that your Kubernetes admin may recommend is, from your local system you need to connect to the Kubernetes cluster with your own Kubernetes credentials. As of now, we connected as an Kubernetes admin. Regardless of your credentials type, you need to make sure you are connected to the Kubernetes cluster from your local system with the help of Gcloud CLI. Post that you need to run a kubectl port forward command. So how do I know which command I need to run? If you see the terminal, as soon as we run this command which is helm install grafana grafana previously it gave an instructions which is to run this command which is kubectl port forward and with this the grafana is going to be accessible inside our local system at the port 8080. But before we try to run this command, we need to know what is the password of grafana admin credentials. So for the same let me copy these two commands here and I'll open the new terminal. Inside the new terminal, I'm going to run these echo commands and my username is going to be admin and this is the password. As a next step, we can go and try to run this command. So let me copy this command and I'm running the same command inside the other terminal. So as soon as I execute this command, the Grafana service is going to be exposed at the port 8080 inside my local system. So this way developer can access any production service which is exposed as a cluster IP. So whoever has access to the Kubernetes cluster, they can easily access the cluster IP services as well. So inside the browser I need to access the URL, which is localhost 8080 and this will open the Grafana login page. So inside the login page I need to enter the username and password. Let me get the password. So this is the password. Let me copy this value. Inside this login page, we need to enter the username as admin and the password which we copied. So let me click on this login button and with that you'll be able to see the dashboard of Grafana. Inside this Explorer page, we can open this dropdown to confirm whether the integrations between Grafana and Prometheus and tempo is working. So the integration is working. That's why we are able to see those options here. First, let me use the loki option. Once I selected the loki option, I will select the label as container and the value as Gateway server. Post that I'm going to click on this run query, which will give me all the logs of Gateway Server and here I will click on any of the log and post that after the trace ID, I will also have a button to navigate to the tempo using which I can see the distributed tracing details. So here the tempo details are being loaded, so please wait for a few seconds so you can see all the distributed tracing details are also populated, which you can validate whenever you have some performance problems. So this confirms loki and tempo are working. As a next step, let me go to prometheus inside Prometheus let me select the metric as up. So the up metric is going to be available at the end. Let me select that and post that under the label filters I will select Container. After that, I will select the duration as last 15 minutes, and with that I should be able to see a graph. So let me click on this tag lines so that our graph looks very beautiful. So this confirms that Prometheus is also working fine. So with this I'm super, super happy everything is working like we expected in the cloud Kubernetes cluster as well. I assume you're also super, super happy. Thank you. And I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.