We deployed all our microservices into the Google Cloud Kubernetes cluster and we validated all of them. And all the microservices and the supporting components are working like expected. If you want to validate the event driven scenarios that we have built with the help of Kafka, please go and check the logs of accounts and message microservice. I validated the same behind the scenes, and the event driven scenario also is working fine. Now as the last step we need to make sure we are uninstalling all the components from our Kubernetes cluster post that we should also delete the Kubernetes cluster inside the Google Cloud. Otherwise, like I said, you're going to get a surprise credit card bill. So that's why my humble request is please follow all the instructions that I'm giving inside this lecture and make sure you are deleting your cluster. So to uninstall all the components from the Kubernetes cluster, we just need to run the helm, uninstall commands. First I'll try to run the command, which is Helm Uninstall easybank, which is the release name that we have given for all our microservices deployment. So this is going to uninstall easybank release. So similarly I'm going to uninstall Grafana once the Grafana is uninstalled as a next step, I will uninstall tempo after tempo I'm going to uninstall loki. Once the loki is uninstalled, I'm going to uninstall Prometheus. So right now my Prometheus is trying to uninstall. Let's wait for a few seconds here. After Prometheus, I'm going to uninstall Kafka. Once the Kafka is uninstalled, I'm going to uninstall Kecloak as well. With this, we should have uninstall all the releases that we have installed with the help of Helm. So let me confirm the same by running the helm ls. As of now you can see there are no releases and this confirms all the uninstallation is completed. The last uninstall action that we need to do is discovery server related installation. For the same, I need to go to the location where my Kubernetes manifest file is present, so it is present inside the Kubernetes folder. So here I'm going to run the command, which is Kubectl delete -f and what is the file name? So as soon as I tried to run this command, the Uninstallation of Discovery server also will get completed. Let me validate if all the installations are completed. So here first I will check the workloads under the workloads everything is empty. Next I'll go to services. Here also everything is empty. I'll go to secrets and config maps. Here also all the config maps related to our deployments are deleted. So now my cluster is empty. As a next step, I need to delete my cluster from my cloud environment. For the same, let me click on this clusters here on this page, please make sure you are selecting your cluster post that you will have an option to delete your cluster. So this is going to ask a confirmation. Inside the confirmation, please enter your cluster name, which is cluster-one. Once you enter these details, please make sure you are clicking on this delete button. So as soon as you click on the delete button, the delete operation of your Kubernetes cluster will get initiated behind the scenes. With this, our Kubernetes cluster will be permanently deleted. And like I promised, we only used Kubernetes cluster for a maximum of one hour. Regardless if you have a free account or a paid account, it is going to charge only $0.3 or $0.5, which I think it's a bearable amount because it's a very small amount. But like I said, please, please, please make sure you are deleting your cluster. Once you delete your cluster, please make sure this entire cluster is disappeared and this page is not showing any cluster information. So this is going to take 2 to 3 minutes time. So let me wait for the same behind the scenes because I want to show you how the page is going to look like when you delete all your clusters. Finally, after three minutes, my Kubernetes cluster is deleted and this is how it is going to look like. So please make sure you also deleted your Kubernetes cluster by following the same steps that I have mentioned inside this lecture. With this, I'm assuming your super, super clear and how to deploy your microservices into any cloud provided Kubernetes cluster. The process between your local Kubernetes cluster and the cloud provided Kubernetes cluster is going to be the same. The commands are going to be also the same. With this, we can conclude this section. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next section. Bye.