Now to style this application, I'll start in this app component here. And add some CSS classes here. And in here, I want to add the h-screen class provided by Tailwind CSS, which simply makes sure that this takes up all the screen height so that in the end the sidebar will then also later take up the entire available height. And I'll add a margin to the top and bottom, so along the vertical axis of 2rem by adding the my-8 class. With that, I'll move on to the ProjectsSidebar component here. And there on this aside element, I'll also add a bunch of classes to style this sidebar. For example I'll give it a width or 1/3 of the available width so that's another class provided by Tailwind which sets the width to 1/3 of the available width. I'll also add some padding to the left and right with the px-8 class, and some top/bottom padding with py-16, and then give it a background color of bg-stone-900, which is a dark gray color. I'll make sure that the text is still readable on that sidebar by setting the text color to text-stone-50, which is a very light gray color, almost white. Then I also wanna make sure that on bigger screens we have a fixed width instead of taking up 1/3, which would lead to a very wide sidebar, and therefore prefixed with this md: prefix here. To add a rule that only applies on bigger screens, I'll set the width to 18rem by adding the w-72 rule here. Last but not least, I'll add some rounded corners, but only on the right side, by adding the rounded-r-xl class, like this. This basically sets the border top right and bottom right radius. With that, if we save that, you see that this is how my sidebar looks. It's not taking up the available height yet, but that will soon change. Now, inside of that sidebar, that h2 tag should also receive some styling. For example, I wanna have a margin to the bottom. I will add font-bold to make the text bold. I'll add the uppercase class to make sure that all characters are transformed to uppercase characters, and I'll make sure that on bigger screens the text is bigger. Last but not least I'll change the color a little bit to another light gray. And with these glasses added, this is how my title looks like now. Now for the button here, I'll also add some classes, because I wanna have some padding to the left and right and also some bottom and top padding, so along the vertical axis. The text should be a bit smaller here with text-xs, though on bigger screens, I want to have the base default text size by adding the text-base class prefixed with md:. I'll give this button rounded corners by adding rounded-md as a class here and give it a background color of bg-stone-700, and a text color of text-stone-400. Then I also wanna change the look of this button when we hover over it by giving it a background color of stone-600 prefixed with hover to make sure that this class is only applied if we are hovering over the button. And I'll also change the text color to text-stone-100 if we hover over it. With that we got a lot of classes on this button here. And buttons are very often amongst the elements that get the most Tailwind CSS classes. But with that, we're now also done and we got this nice lovely button here. And now that we do have this basic sidebar and this button here, the next step is to make sure that this button can be clicked to then open up a little screen, you could say, so to display a component that allows us to enter the details for a new project.