So, to make sure that we can add a new project, I'll add another component, which I'll name NewProject, because that will be a component that should display all the inputs we need, to gather the data we need for a new project. So in here, we, of course, also export this NewProject component function as we always do. And then in here, in that component function, I wanna output a div. And then, in that div, I'll add a menu element here. And these of course, are all built-in elements, as you can tell by the fact that they're starting with a lowercase character, which should output two buttons, a Cancel button and a Save button. And below that menu, I, then, wanna have a div with the different inputs for this project, so, for these project details. We could, also, display a form here and, semantically, that would be a bit better. But, when it comes to handling forms, there's a bit more I wanna explore together with you, which is why this course has a separate section on forms and handling user input so that you can learn about all the important things you should know when dealing with forms in React apps. Therefore, here, I'll just use a div. But in that div, I then wanna have a paragraph which, then, has a label and an input inside of it. And I'll then repeat this three times, basically, because I'll need an input for the title of the project, for the description of the project, and, also, for the due date of the project. Though, for the description, I actually want a textarea so that we can enter longer text. Nonetheless, we have three pretty similar JSX structures here. And, therefore, I'll actually add yet another new component, the input component, which will wrap this structure, and which can, then, be reused. Also, so that we don't have to repeat the same tailwind CSS classes all the time. Therefore, here we'll export another new function called Input, in this Input.jsx file. And here, I then want to return my paragraph which includes that label, and then either an input or a textarea. Therefore, this input component should be configurable via props, so that we can, for example, set a textarea or isTextarea prop here when using the input component. And if that should be true, we wanna render a textarea, otherwise, we wanna render an input element. So, I'll just name it textarea here, and then below this label here, I'll check if textarea is truthy. And if that's the case, I wanna output a textarea here, otherwise, I'll output an input element. That's the idea. Now, the idea also is that this input component also gets a label prop which is used for setting the label like this. And, that we collect all other props that might be passed in so that we can spread those remaining props onto either this textarea or our input here. So, that textarea and input are fully configurable from outside this component. Now, back in NewProject, we can replace these three paragraphs here with this newly added Input component which, of course, therefore, must be imported from the Input.jsx file. And we just have to set different labels here. And then of course, also make sure that we extract the different input values correctly. And the label here for the first input is Title. For the second input here, it's Description, and for the third input, it's Due Date. Now, for the second input, I, also, wanna set textarea like this. We could also set it to true, but that's redundant. If you just add it like this, it will also be set to true. And, therefore here a textarea should be rendered. So with that, we have a NewProject component here and even though it's not really styled yet, I now want to use this component in my app component to display it next to the sidebar. Soon it will only be displayed, if this button was pressed, but for the moment, I wanna always show it. So here, we'll import the NewProject component from this file and then output it here, and to make sure that it's shown next to the sidebar and not below it. I'll now, also, add the flex class to this main element, to enable flexbox on that element and add a gap of eight, so that between these elements, we have a gap of 2rem here, as you can see. And with that, if we saved it, you now see that the sidebar does take up the available height because flexbox automatically stretches it. And you, also, see that we have these input elements next to it. Now of course, this is all not styled but we can see it here.