Now to improve the styling here, I'll go back to my new project. And on this div, which wraps everything here I'll add a width of 35rem. And this is how you can use Tailwind to set a custom value. So a custom width in this case it's a special syntax supported by Tailwind, where you can include the value you wanna have in that class name. And behind the scenes Tailwind will then generate this class for you. That can be very useful if you wanna assign a certain value that's not built into Tailwind. And in addition, I'll add margin-top 16 here so that this all gets pushed down a little bit and is basically on the same level as this title here in the sidebar. Now of course, we also need to style the content in this new project component though. And here I'll start with my menu, where I also will add a class name here to enable Flexbox here. Add items-center to make sure that these elements are centered on the vertical axis, and add justify-end to push them all the way to the end of the horizontal axis, so all the way to the right. Add a little bit of gap between those elements and a vertical margin to the top and bottom of one rem with my-4. With that, those buttons sit here. Now of course, I also wanna make sure that these buttons look more like buttons. And for that, I'll start with the first button here, the cancel button, which I'll give a class name of text-stone-800 to give it a dark gray button, not black color and a hover style where all set it to a darker gray color, an almost black color. With that, of course this button doesn't look too different but it's now the second button, which I'll style differently. The first button is meant to be a rather flat not too obvious button because it cancels the creation of a project, but the save button should be more obvious. Therefore, here we of course also need to add some classes to it. And I'll start by adding a background color, a dark gray background color, and give it a text color of text-stone-50, so an almost white text color. Upon hovering, I wanna change the background color to an even darker gray, the same gray I used for the text on the first button. And in addition, maybe here at the beginning though the position doesn't matter, I'll add some margin to the left and right and to the top and bottom and give this button rounded corners like this so that in the end, this here is my list of classes that are added to the second button. With that, if I save that this is the button with this nice hover effect. And we can therefore next work on these inputs here. Now for the inputs, we of course have to go to the Input.jsx file. And in there I'll start with the paragraph. On that paragraph, I'll add the flex class again to again use Flexbox. But now make sure that Flexbox positions elements along the vertical axis by adding flex-col, adding some gap and some margin to the top and bottom, and then on the label here, we also need some classes. For example, I want to make the text smaller by adding the text-sm class, which reduces the font size. I'll make it bold and uppercase though, and I'll change the color to a middle grayish color, I guess. So that if we save that the labels look like this. Now the inputs are pretty hard to see and therefore we also wanna style those. I'll start with the text area and I'll give it a class of w-full to make sure that it takes the entire available width. Give it a padding in all directions of 0.25rem with the p-1 class. A border to the bottom with a width of two pixels with border-b-2, rounded corners, and a border color of stone-300 by adding border-stone-300. In addition, I wanna have a background color of stone-200 with bg-stone-200, and a text color of text-stone-600. Last but not least, I also wanna set a certain style when this input gets focused. For example, I want to disable the default outline with focus outline-none, and instead make sure that the border color changes if we focus with focus border-stone-600. So with that, I got many classes on that text area but now the text area looks like that and therefore I'd say quite decent. Now I do want to apply the exact same classes to my input, and therefore I'll grab that string and actually store it in a constant, classes could be a fitting name, like this. And now just assign my classes here to the text area and then thereafter also like this to the input. So that this here is my finished Input component with all those classes here being added to both the text area and the input. And therefore if we save this now, that's looking quite decent here, I'd say. The next step, therefore of course, is to make sure that we open this when this add project button is clicked and that we show some fallback content if the button was not clicked yet. And thereafter, of course, that we fetch the values entered by the user and we actually create a new project. But let's start with the fallback content.