So let's now make sure that this content here is not always shown, but instead only after we clicked Add Project and that instead we show some fallback content. So I'll start by adding the fallback content. And for that I'll add a new component, NoProjectSelected. Sounds like a fitting name because this should be shown if we're neither adding a project nor have one selected. And in that file, I'll therefore export a component function called NoProjectSelected. And here I'll return a div which then should display an image, an image which was part of the starting project. This image here. And below that image, a title where I say NoProjectSelected. And below that title, a paragraph where I say, select a project or get started with a new one. And below that I'll add another paragraph which should then include a button which says, create new project, which should basically do the same like this button here, it should display this component. So that's the markup. Now for the styling, I'll add some classes here to that wrapping div. Most importantly, I'll add some margin to the top and make sure that all the text here is centered. And in addition, I'll give it a width of 2/3 of the available space. Then for the image here, I'll import this no-projects PNG file from the assets folder, and I'll name it noProjectImage and import it from going up one level, diving into the assets folder. And then there it's this no-projects.png file. So then here on this image, this imported image should be set as a source. And the alt text could be an empty task list because that's in the end what can be seen on this image. And the H2 element below the image here should of course also receive some styling because I wanna make the text slightly bigger with the Text XL class and make the font bold. Use this text-stone-500 text color class here and add some margin to the top to have some spacing between the image and this H2 element. In addition, I'll also add a margin to the bottom, and since this is the same margin, we can just use my-4. Now the image here also needs some classes though. And here I want to add the w-16 class for some width, and the same for the height. Add object contains so that the image does not get distorted and mx-auto to make sure that it's centered. Now this paragraph here, which says, select a project or get started with a new one, also needs some styling. To be precise here, I wanna change the text color to set it to text-stone-400, and I want to add some margin to the bottom. I'll also add some additional margin to the top here on this paragraph that wraps the button. And the button then of course also needs some styling. To be precise here, for this button, I essentially want to use the same classes as I have them here in my ProjectsSidebar. And therefore I'll outsource this into a separate component so that I don't have to copy and paste and repeat those Tailwind CSS class names. So I'll export a component function called Button here, and return this button markup from my ProjectsSidebar, this markup. I'll copy that and return it here in my button component. And of course, the content between the button tags should be flexible. Hence I'll pull out that children prop from the incoming props and add that here between my button tags. And now with that back in the ProjectsSidebar component, we can replace this button with our own button which needs to be imported from the button JSX file. And we can and should get rid of the class name here now. Also here. And then do the same in this NoProjectSelected component. This button should now also be replaced with our own custom button, which is imported from button.jsx. Also the closing tag. And therefore we don't need to add classes here. Now, one thing we should do with this custom button though is that we should collect all the other props that might be set on this button component and then spread them onto this button so that we later can, for example, also add the unchanged prop. So this and this should be added to our component here. Now with that, I wanna see how this NoProjectSelected component looks like. And for that we should go back to the app component. And instead of outputting the new project component here, we should output the NoProjectSelected component. And later this should be rendered conditionally. And we either show this component or the NewProject component depending on whether this button here was pressed. But with that, if we save everything here and go back, we see this fallback content here and we got this button here and here. And now it's time to make sure that when this button gets pressed, we actually switch to this NewProject component.