So let's now make sure we close this component. We remove it from the screen if we click save. Now, to achieve that, we of course must make sure that in the app component, where I will now also remove this console log statement, we set the selected project ID back to undefined. Because at the moment, it's set to null and it stays null, which is why this component here does not disappear because the new project component is shown for as long as the selected project ID is equal to null. So, if we want to get rid of that component, we should change it. And now here we got two options. In handle add project where we update the state, we can set the selected project ID to undefined to go back to that fallback screen. If I do that and I save this, if I click save here, you see we go back to this screen. And that is a fine option. As an alternative, we could also set it to the ID we generated here. So we could generate this ID here. Project ID could be stored in a constant and then use it here and also here. And that would then automatically select that project. But I'm not going to do that here, because at the moment we can't really handle that case that we select a project. So I'll set it to undefined so that we at least go back to this screen here, to this component. But now I also wanna make sure that my projects are being output here in the sidebar. And for that, to achieve that, we of course must pass our project to this project sidebar component. There, we could add a projects prop. And as a value, we wanna pass in projectsState.project, because that's this array of projects we're managing here in our state. And we're now passing that through a prop named projects to the project sidebar component. So in that component, we can therefore now output those projects. And I wanna do that here in that unordered list. So therefore, they are, of course, we first of all must accept and extract this projects prop in this projects sidebar component. And then here in that unordered list, I'll add a dynamic expression where I use this projects prop to map through all the items in this array, so that every item is output as a JSX element. So here, we'll go through all the projects. And for every project I wanna return a list item. Now, as you learned, whenever you're using map like this, the root item to which you are mapping, so the list item in this case, should receive a key prop which must be set to a unique identifier for this item. And here the perfect identifier, of course, is the ID of that project because that is unique for every project. Now, between the LI text, I then wanna have a button because the goal is to make these projects selectable so that we can click on them and view the details for the selected project. Between those button tags, I'll therefore output the project title. Now of course, we also need some styling here. To be precise, I wanna style the button. And on this button here, I'll add the w-full clause to make sure that this button uses all the width it can use. I'll add text left to move the text to the left. I'll add some padding to the left and right and some padding to the top and bottom. Give it slightly rounded corners and add a margin to the top and bottom. In addition, I'll add a text color text stone 400. Keep in mind that this button will be on a dark background, which is why I'm picking a light text color. And I also need some hover styles here so that we change this text if we hover over it. And I'll change to a very light text now because I'll give this an even darker background now, if we hover over the button. With that, I got a bunch of styles here on this button. And therefore now if we save that, we should see the projects here. And if I hover over them, you see that they are getting highlighted. And of course, we can also reload and add a new project here and it shows up here. Now, it would be nice to have more spacing here between the button and the first project in that list. And therefore, on that unordered list, I'll add some margin to the top with the mt-8 class, for example. So that this list is pushed down a little bit further. But with that, we now got our list of projects here. Before we make sure that we can select these items and view some details here though, I wanna first make sure that we make this cancel button here work when we add a new project, and that we show a modal with an error message if we click save without entering a value into every input field. So that's what we'll work on next.