[Maximilian Schwarzmüller] So let's now add validation for those inputs and make sure that we show an error modal if we click save with invalid values being entered here. For that, we of course need to go to the new project component where we have those inputs and where we are extracting those values, and the first step here is to validate those values. Now here, I'll keep it fairly simple. I'll just check if entered title once we trim it to remove excess white space at the beginning and end if that's equal to an empty string, which would mean that it's invalid because it's an empty value. So I wanna show the modal if this condition here is met. But that's not the only case where this error modal should be shown because it should be shown if the title is empty, or if the description's empty. So I do the same thing here, checking for emptiness. Or, of course if the entered date is empty, once we trim it. If that's empty, we also wanna show that modal. So in all three cases, I wanna show the error modal. Now for that, of course, we first of all need a modal and therefore I'll add a new component, which I'll name Modal.jsx. I'll not name it Error Modal because, at least in theory, that should be a reusable modal that could be used to show other kinds of information as well. Now therefore, here in this Modal.jsx file, I'll export a modal function, and in there I wanna return this built-in dialogue element. But now here I really wanna make this modal component as flexible as possible and therefore I'll extract the children prop, which is passed to every component so that I can use my modal in the end as a wrapper around any content I want, and that content will then be wrapped by that built-in dialogue component. But that's not all. In addition, I wanna use the portal feature provided by React to render this dialogue and the content that will be wrapped by that dialogue in a different place of the DOM. For that, in this starting project, in the index HTML file, we have this modal-root div here. Therefore I'll render this with that portal feature by importing createPortal from React-dom. And then as you learn, you simply have to wrap this JSX code with createPortal like this. And as a second value, you should pass that HTML element where this content should be rendered in. For that, we use a browser API, document.getElementByID to select this div, which has an idea of modal-root. So that's what I'll use here. And with that, I have a really flexible modal here, but now it should become even more flexible and reusable. I wanna make sure that we can open this dialogue by calling a function that should be exposed by my custom component that does not require the calling component, so another component that uses the modal to know that a dialogue is used internally. That should not be information that's needed by the component that uses my modal component. And you'll learn how you can build reusable, flexible components like this in the end by using two features provided by React, the forwardRef feature, and the useImperativeHandle hook. Though, of course, the forwardRef function is only required if you're using React version 18 or older. If you're working in a project that uses at least React version 19, you don't need forwardRef. You can simply accept refs as regular props in your components. ForwardRef is not needed then. But here I'll, again, show you the code that will work with React 19, but that would also work with older React versions and I will use forwardRef therefore. So we must wrap our component function with forwardRef like this. And we now must store it in a separate constant or variable, which is then exported here. Now with that, you learned that this modal component function will receive an extra parameter, which will be the ref that might be set from outside on that component. Now that's the first step. To now expose a function that can be called from outside this component function, we must use useImperativeHandle. To this hook, you first pass this ref which you are receiving, so this ref here is passed here to use imperativeHandle. And then as a second value, you must provide a function that will be called by React in the end where you return an object that then exposes any properties or functions you want to expose to our components. For example, open method. And in this open method, we now wanna reach out to that dialogue and call the show modal method that is provided by that built-in dialogue component. Therefore, here we can use the useRef hook, which of course also must be imported to get our dialogue ref here. And we connect that through the special ref prop to that dialogue element. And now in this open method here, we can call dialogue.current.showModal. And showModal is now a method provided by the built-in dialogue element. But open is now a method provided by our component to other components. Therefore, in this new project component, we can now show the error modal by using this modal component here. And for that I'll add a fragment which wraps this div. And then also this newly added modal component here, which of course must be imported from the Modal.jsx file. And now we can connect this modal to a ref. Hence, I'll add another new ref here to my new project component, my modalRef, which will be connected to my own modal component. And for that, we now simply add the ref prop to our custom component, which we can do since we're forwarding the refs in there, and I'll set this to modal, so to this ref I just added. And now this ref can be used here in this validation code to call modal.current, and the value stored in there will be our own component function, or to be precise, it will be that object here in the end with all the functions or properties that are exposed in that object, so in this case the open method. And therefore now we can call open here to open that modal. And then I'll call return so that the code thereafter, namely this onAdd call here, will not be executed if we made it into this if block so if we do have invalid input. And with that, we should be showing this modal if we got invalid input. Now it's just important to keep in mind that this modal out of the box doesn't show a lot, it's just a wrapper. Therefore, now we should actually wrap the content we do want to show in our new project component here. So here I'll add a h2 element where I'll say invalid input. And below that, a paragraph where I'll say, oops, looks like you forgot to enter a value. And then another paragraph where I'll say, please make sure you provide a valid value for every input field. And then I also want to be able to close the modal, and for that, back here in the modal component, I will actually add something below children because I will add a form here with the method set to dialogue because that can be used to close such a dialogue by adding a button in there, which will submit that form, and the browser will do the rest. And here I'll just say close. We could also make this model more reusable by also accepting a label for this button instead of hard coding this to close here, so that here on this modal component, we accept a button caption prop, for example, and we then use this button caption here as a value. And with that back in new project, we can set this button caption prop here on our modal and set this to close, for example, or to okay. And with that, we should then also have this form with this button, which closes this dialogue to which it belongs with the caption we chose here. Now if we save that all, if we go back here and try saving empty inputs, we therefore do get this modal here. But we, of course, also see that the styling is pretty off. This of course does not look good, but it works.