[Maximilian] Now to make those projects here selectable we need two main things. We need a new component that will be used for displaying the details of the selected project. And in addition, we of course must make sure that from inside the project sidebar, we get the information which project was selected to that to be added component. Now I'll start with the new component. I'll name it Selected Project.JSX, that's the file name. And in there we'll have that component function called selected project. Now here we wanna return a div, let's say, which then contains a header maybe which outputs the main information about that project. And then below that, later that list of tasks that belongs to the project, though that will be added later. For the moment, let's work on this header. And in this header I then want to have an H1 element which outputs the title of that project. And next to that H one element, I wanna have a button that can be used to delete this project. These two elements here should be rendered side by side therefore I'll group them in a div which I can then use together with Flexbox to position these elements next to each other. Because still in the header but below this title button combination, I wanna output a paragraph where I output the date of that project and below that, the description in another paragraph. Now of course all that data should be received here as props. So here I expect to get the project prop, which should be such a project object so that here we can output project title. Then here the project date, though I wanna format it to make it more human readable. And for that I'll add a new constant, format it date, where I'll create a new date object to which I pass my due date stored in the project object. And on that built in date object, which is provided by the browser, you can call two locale date string to format that date. And here I'll format it according to US standards. And you can pass a configuration object as a second argument to low locale date string, which allows you to control how the year should be displayed, for example, if you want to display two digits or the full number, you can also control whether the month should be displayed in a long form, short form, and so on. And here I'll go for the short form and for the day I'll again choose numeric. And definitely feel free to play around with this object and this method here. But with that we have a formatted date, which I'll output down there. And of course for the description the project description should be output like this. And then we also need some styling. And I'll start with that div that wraps everything. Here, I'll set a custom width of 35 rem, like this, and add some margin to the top. Next on this header here, I'll add a padding to the bottom of one rem with PB4, a margin to the bottom of one rem with MB4, border to the bottom of two pixels. And give that border a color of that light gray color here, border stone 300. And then on this diff here, I'll add a class, which makes sure that tidal and button get positioned next to each other by adding flex here items center and justify between to add some spacing between the title and the button. And then here for the title, I'll add text 3XL as a value to make this text pretty big, add font bold to make it bold and give it a color of Text Stone 600 and add some margin to the bottom. For the button, I'll add a text color of text stone 600 and then a hover text color of text stone 950, so a darker color in the end. Now for the paragraphs here, for the first paragraph, I'll give this margin bottom four class and text-stone-400 for the text color. And then for the second paragraph here, I'll choose text stone 600, so a darker gray color. And also add white space pre wrap to make sure that line breaks that are added here in this description field are kept and are not removed. So that's what white space pre wrap will do. And with that, this shouldn't look too bad. Now to see it in action, we have to make sure that projects can be selected in that sidebar. And for that of course, we must make sure that this button here changes some state in the app component. So in the app component, we want to add yet another new function, which should be called Handle Select Project, where I expect to get the project ID as a value. And where I then wanna update the state as we're doing it here in handle start at project. But where the selected project ID now of course should be set to this ID, which we're getting as a input. And now Handle Select Project should be passed to this project's sidebar component. So here, I'll add another new prop on select project. And the value should be this newly added handle select project function. Inside of the project sidebar, we now have to extract this on select project prop From the incoming props here with destructuring and connect it to this button here. So here on this button, I'll break this across multiple lines to make it a bit easier to read, on select project prop as a value. Now in addition here I also wanna highlight which project was selected And therefore I actually also want to get the selected project ID as a prop in addition to this onselect project prop we just added because we can now use this prop, which should contain the ID of the project that was selected to highlight a certain button. Now to do this, I'll change this code here in this map method to move away from this very short inline notation and instead add these opening and closing curly braces and return this list item here like that so that, We can conveniently add more code in this function that we pass to map. Because I now wanna derive These CSS classes that are set on this button here dynamically, depending on whether this element should be highlighted or not. For that, I'll set up my CSS classes string here, which should basically be this string. And then I wanna check If the idea of the project we are currently handling here is equal to the selected project ID we're getting here as a prop. So if the project we're currently outputting here is the selected project in the end, if that's the case, I want to adjust my CSS classes. To be precise in that case, I wanna add a background color of BG Stone 800. So that same background color I'm using when hovering over the item. And I want to change the text color to that text stone 200 color. Now to make sure that this works and does not clash with that default text-stone-400 color here, I'll actually add a block here. So if this is not the selected project, where I do add that other default text color so text-stone-400, so that I cut this here from my list of base classes that should always be applied and I only apply it here if this is not the selected project. In addition, we must add a white space in front of the first class name so that we don't construct one super long class here at the end. And now it's this CSS classes constant that's used as a value for class name on this button. So with that, we should be able to select an element and highlight the selected element. Now as a last step, we also must use the newly added selected project component and output it in the app component if a project was selected. And for that, we need to tweak this if else statement. Currently we're checking for the selected project ID being null or undefined. Now we also want to handle the case that we did select a project. And for that of course we can simply set content to a default value of selected project like this. Now selected project of course must be imported. And then with that done on selected project, we have to set that project prop to the project that was selected. Now in our state, we only have the selected project ID, so we need to derive the selected project from our state by using the projects state object. And there this project's array. And by then finding the project where the project ID is equal to projects state selected project ID. That's the JavaScript code you can use for finding an element in an array by ID. Find like map is a method built into Vanilla JavaScript that takes a function as an argument, a function that will be executed for every element in this array. And that function then should return true if we found the element we were looking for. And in that case, find will return that element and it's therefore then this found element that will be stored in selected project. So therefore now we have a selected project which we can pass to the selected project component through the project prop. And now with all these changes made, if we save that and reload, if I create a new project, this is a first test, let's also see if line breaks are kept and I pick some date here. If I click save, we have that project here. And if I now click on it, it breaks. It breaks because we fail to read the property due date on undefined inside of that selected project component. So inside of that newly added selected project component, it looks like project is not defined somehow. Hence accessing due date on project fails. And the reason for that is that an app component, we added this handle select project function which sets the selected project ID to the ID we're getting here but we're then just passing this function as a value through the on select prop to project sidebar. But in project sidebar, we are then using this on select project prop which contains this function I just showed you. We're just passing this onwards to the button and the button of course does not give us that idea of the selected project. Therefore, here we need more control over how this will be executed by wrapping this with a function and manually calling it inside of this function so that we can pass the idea of the project that's currently being rendered here as a value to on select project and therefore as a value to this handle select project function. With this, if we save that and I clear that and I create a new project again, does this work with line break and I select some date. Now if I click on this, this works and we see the project here and now we also got no error in the console here. And you can also see that the line break was kept. So with that, we got this project detail page, before we now work on the tasks, I also wanna make sure that this project can be deleted if we click this delete button here.