So now that we can create, and select, and also delete elements, the next and final step for this demo project here is to make these tasks work. Here, when a project is selected I want to have a list of tasks, and, of course, I want to have a input field that allows me to add new tasks. And that's, therefore, the next and final thing we'll work on. And for this, I'll start by adding a new tasks component. And since we're getting a lot of component files here you could now, definitely, also consider organizing them into sub folders, but here I'll keep them all in the main Components folder. And in this tasks JSX file I'll export this as a functional component like this. Now in here, I then want to output a section. And in that section I wanna have a title where I say tasks. And below that, a new task area, which shows me an input field that allows me to add new tasks. And then below that a list of tasks. Or if I don't have any tasks yet, a paragraph that tells me this project does not have any tasks yet. But this paragraph should be shown conditionally, just as this list should be shown conditionally only if we have tasks. Now, before we'll add this task functionality here, I'll start by adding some styling. And for that I'll start with this h2 element, which I'll give text 2xl clause to make the text a bit bigger, a font bold clause, and then text stone 700, and a margin to the bottom. And for this paragraph here, I'll set a color of text stone 800, and also a margin to the bottom. With that, we can use this tasks component here in our selected project component. Here, instead of this dummy text. Here, I want to output this tasks component. And of course, as always, you must make sure that you are importing tasks from the tasks JSX file. With that, we add this component here and therefore you should see tasks, then this placeholder, and then this text here. Now, the next step is to replace this placeholder with an actual input and a button that can be used to add new tasks. And for that, here, I'll add another new component which I'll name new task JSX Because in that file I'll then add that component function named NewTask, of course, where I'll output a div in which I then want to have an input, and next to that input a button. Now for the input, I'll not use my custom input component because I don't need a label because a task should only consist of a single value which is the text that defines the task. So we don't need a label as this should be self-explanatory. Hence, here in the new task component, we can just output a default input element and set the type to text. And then on the button, I'll say Add Task. Now of course, we also need some styling here. And for that on that div, I'll add a class name where I make sure that I'm using Flexbox here to position these two elements next to each other. And I wanna center them on the vertical axis and add some gap between them. And then on the input, I wanna make sure that we have a fixed width of 60 rem, in my case here, and then some horizontal and some vertical padding, and then some rounded corners. And you can probably already see that there are a couple of Tailwind classes, which I'm repeating all the time. And that's typically the case when working with Tailwind CSS. You'll use a couple of core classes all the time and then some more specific classes from time-to-time. Now here I'll finish this input by giving it a background color of BG Stone 200. Now for this button here, I will give this a text color of Stone 700, and then make sure that as I hover over this I pick a darker color. And that's basically it for now. Now, we'll use this new task component here in the tasks component, like this, also by importing it. And with that added, we should, of course, see it here. Now, it would be nice to have some margin below it and therefore I'll actually change this margin bottom here on this paragraph to margin Y to add this margin to the top and bottom. Now this looks nicer. But now, of course, we must make sure that this also works, so that if I enter a task here and I click add task, we do indeed add it here.