So understanding that React builds this tree of components and how it executes these different component functions is crucial. And you can of course go through the code on your own to understand how that looks like and how these different components are related. You can also log stuff to the console, as I'm doing it here, but you can also use the React Developer Tools. I did show you these tools earlier in the course already, in the debugging section. The React Developer Tools are simply an extension which you can, for example, install in Chrome. And if you've got them installed you can open up your developer tools and there if it's not an incognito tab, you should find this profiler tab. And this profiler tab can also be used to understand which components are updating and are being re-rendered. You could say, under which circumstances. For this you can start profiling by clicking this button here and then you can interact with the page and for example, increment the counter. And if you then stop profiling you will see a graphical representation of which component functions were executed for which reason. And you can switch between different representations depending on what you prefer. So let me walk you through what this means. If you're in this flame graph chart mode here, you in the end get a representation that also shows you the order in which component functions were executed. And you also get a relation between component functions. For example, here you see that the app component is the root component, since it's at the top, and that it has this header and the counter components as children. Now you also see if you hover over 'App', or 'Header', that for one, they are highlighted on the left, but that they also did not render. So that clicking this increment button here did not cause the app or header component functions to be executed again. And that makes sense because if you take a look at the application code, you see that the app component is not rendering any state that would be changed by incrementing the counter. It does manage some states that can be changed through this input here, but that's not what we changed here in this example. Instead, I clicked this button below, therefore the change that occurred happened in the counter component, because it's in there where I clicked this increment button, which led to this counter state being changed. Therefore, it was the counter component that was re-executed. But as you also learned earlier in the course already, such component reevaluations then don't propagate up. So React executing this counter component function again has no impact on the parent component, the app component. It does have an impact on the child components though, because as I explained before, of course all these custom component functions are executed again, and they do receive those prop values again, and so on. And you also see this here, in this flame graph chart, because here you can see that we got four components that were executed again. Basically all components that are colored here were executed again. So in this case, the icon button and the icon that's displayed by this button, this icon button and the counter output. And actually it's not just the minus icon that was executed again, but also the plus icon. And we can actually see that here, if we switch to the ranked chart mode, where we only see the components that were re-rendered. And where we then see the component that in the end cost the re-render cycle, the counter component in this case because it's state changed, and then other nested components below it, like the minus icon, the counter output, the icon button, the other icon button and the plus icon. So we see that here. But of course the idea is the same, that we can see which components were executed again and how they're related. You can also go to the settings here and under profiler, enable 'Record why each component rendered'. And if you do enable this and you then clear this output and you start another recording session, which sometimes doesn't work, so I'll just reload here, and you then increment again and stop this. You'll now of course see the same result as before, basically. But now if you hover over a component, you also see why this did change. And if you click on it, you can also see some details here to the right. You see that this rendered again because one hook changed. In this case, this simply means that the underlying state changed. So these dev tools can be another nice tool to understand how components are executed and why they were executed. And it is really crucial to understand this fundamental concept because this also allows you to optimize your application in various aspects.