So how can we optimize a React application with that knowledge of how different components are related and are being executed? Well in this demo app here which I prepared for you, we have one problem, you could say, one use case that could be optimized if you understand how components are executed and are related. And for that, I'll open this console again where we see which components are rendered and how they're related. And now I'll clear this and I'll enter a new number here in this input field. Clicking Set here won't do anything yet, but if I enter a new number, if I type one character here, you see that a bunch of component functions were executed again. Basically all components that make up this app. And why is that happening here? Well, that's happening because this input field here lives directly in the app component. It's this input field here. And I have an on change handler on that input field. And therefore on every keystroke I update some state. And of course, as you learned, when the state changes this component function gets executed again. And as you now also learned over the last lectures this then means that all child component functions get executed again. And that's why on every keystroke all those component functions get executed again. Now this does not necessarily have an impact on the actual DOM that's rendered, so it's not that bad as you will learn later in this section, but of course it's still not optimal because it is a bunch of code that's executed. And of course we can now understand why that is happening. But how can we fix the problem? Well, to fix the problem we got two main possible solutions we can go for. And I'll show you the first solution here at the example of the counter component because React gives you a built-in function that you can wrap around your component functions so to say, that will prevent unnecessary component function executions. And that function is the memo function which must be imported from React. Once you did import this function, you can wrap it around your component function by simply executing it and passing your component function as a value as an argument to memo. Now here I'm getting a warning that some development mode features won't work correctly if we do it like this. Therefore, it is actually recommended that you first store the result in a separate variable or constant which I'll give the same name as my component function name and that you then simply export this variable or constant. But that's just required to get the best developer experience. Memo works either way. And what memo will do is that it will take a look at the props of your component function and whenever the component function would normally execute again for example, because the app component function executes, memo will take a look at the old prop value and at the new prop value that would be received now if that component function would execute and if those prop values are exactly the same, which for arrays and objects means that they really have to be exactly the same array or object in memory. But if they are the same this component function execution here will be prevented by memo. So that this component function, this counter or component function would only be re executed if initialCount changed or of course if its internal state changed that's not affected by memo. Memo only prevents function executions that are triggered by the parent component, so the app component. And it makes sense that memo takes a look at the props because of course if this initial count prop value in this case here did not change, there is no reason for the counter component to be executed again just because the parent component executed again. Of course, if that internal state changes that should definitely trigger this component function. And as mentioned, memo will not prevent this. It does not care about internal changes. But external changes of course only makes sense for this component here to be executed if the prop value changed. Otherwise executing this function again will of course yield the same result as before and therefore is unnecessary. And therefore, of course, if this counter component function is prevented from being executed again these nested component functions in there also won't be executed again because this code is not executed at all because this overall counter function code is not being executed. And therefore as a result, if you do wrap memo around this counter function and you reload and you then change this value, you see that now it's only the header component that's being called again, in addition to the app component, because all I did here is that I changed the value entered here. I did not click set or anything like that. And therefore of course in the app component the state was updated, but it was this enteredNumber state which does not matter for the counter component which does not change the initialCount and which therefore shouldn't trigger this component function to execute. And thanks to memo it won't. So therefore of course you might be intrigued to wrap memo around all your components because it can be useful, right? Yes it can, but you should not wrap it around all your components. Instead, it makes sense like in this example to wrap it around a component that's as high up in the component tree as possible. Like it's the case here for the counter component because if that component is then prevented from executing again, all the nested components also won't be executed again. And if you would wrap memo around all your components that would simply mean that React always has to check the props before it executes the component function. And of course, checking the prop values for equality also costs some performance. And that's especially a problem if you wrap a function that almost always gets changed props. So where this comparison almost always yields the result that the component function should be executed because then you paid the performance price for this check just to get the same result as you would get without memo that the component function is executed. So you should use it with care. And in simple apps like this one, to be honest, you don't need to use it at all because it won't have any measurable performance impact. But if you do wanna use it and if it can have an impact you should use it with care only on components where you can actually prevent re-renders and as high up in the component tree as possible.