Now even though memo couldn't to be honest should be removed here, I wanna take a closer look at using memo, and I'll use it on another component, a component down here in the counter component. Because of course at the moment in this app if I increment the counter, we get a bunch of component functions being re executed again. To be precise we got these icon buttons and icons executing again and of course the counter output. Now the counter output makes a lot of sense because of course that output does change whenever I click a button. So this of course needs to be executed again. But for these buttons it's different. Of course, those button components and the values they output of course technically don't change. It's always exactly this and this button that gets output when I press a button. So re-rendering these components, re-executing these component functions doesn't make a lot of sense. Now, as mentioned before it also isn't a huge problem in this app though because these components contain so little code that executing them is no problem. But still, we could wrap icon button with memo to make sure it's not getting re‐executed unnecessarily. And since it's in this icon button where the actual icon is being rendered the icon component therefore also won't be executed again. So we'll prevent the execution of two components by just wrapping one of them with memo. And therefore, of course, we can import memo here from React in the icon button component file. And then just as before, create a new constant and wrap this component function with memo and then export this newly created constant like this. If we do that, you'll notice something strange though. If you reload, clear this and click this button. Hmm, it still got executed. So looks like memo didn't work here or it did work and some prop value changed. But for that, let's take a look at the props accepted by icon button. It's the children prop, which is output here and that in the end is simply the text of the button. So the button is wrapped around this text and that's therefore the value that's fed in as a value for children. Now obviously those texts here don't change. So the prop value for children shouldn't have changed. Now what about icon? The icon prop in the end receives a pointer to a component, the name of a component, but not the component as JSX code. That's important just the name of the component, and it then translates it to JSX code inside of this component function. But clearly these pointers here these names of these components are also not dynamic and also shouldn't change when the counter component function is being executed. So it must be related to the remaining props which we got here, which I'm just forwarding to the button. And here I am just setting one other prop and that's onClick, which I set to a function. And this indeed is the problem here because these functions look as if they maybe don't change but keep in mind that they are created inside of the counter component function. These are nested functions, and therefore, indeed they will technically be recreated every time this counter component function executes. So every time this state changes, and it does not matter that the code in there is the same and does not change, the component function as a value, as an object in JavaScript is recreated. And it will be a different object in memory than before for the last execution of the counter component function and therefore it technically is a new prop value. Now this recreation here can be prevented with help of a special hook provided by React, which we also already used before in conjunction with effects and the useEffect hook. It's the useCallback hook. This hook can be used to avoid the recreation of a function and it is sometimes needed if you have a function as a dependency of useEffect. And it's also needed in conjunction with memo to avoid unnecessary re‐executions. Because you use useCallback by wrapping it around a function in your component function. And then by also as a second argument by passing an array of dependencies to useCallback. And here you would list all props or state or context values you would be using inside of this function because if one of those values changed, a new function would have to be created so that the latest value is used in that function. But here I'm only using setCounter which is a state updating function. And those state updating functions are guaranteed to never change by React, and therefore you don't need to add them to this dependencies array. Then useCallback returns a value in the end the same function, but in this unchanging way, so to say. And you can store this in a variable or constant which I am doing here, using that same name as before. And therefore you can still use these values as functions because they are functions but they will be functions that are managed by React that will not be recreated unnecessarily. So therefore, here for handleIncrement, I'll of course also wrap this with useCallback and also set this dependencies array. And with that done, if we now save everything and we reload and clear this, you'll see that now clicking increment does not cause those icon buttons and the nested icon components to be executed again, instead now it's just the counter output which makes sense because this, as mentioned did change and does need to update.