So at this point, in this section, we spent a lot of time understanding how component functions are executed and how you can prevent that under certain circumstances. Now, I want to take a closer look at what actually happens if a component function is executed and how this JSX code here ends up on the screen. Because of course, the first thing you might think is that when a component function gets executed and this JSX code gets returned and this component tree gets built, in the end, you end up with a bunch of native HTML elements. If this entire component tree is in the end resolved. And that then this HTML code is inserted in the DOM. You could think that this is what's going on, that the HTML elements returned by all those components are inserted in the DOM. And indeed, that is what happens if you reload the page or if you visit it for the first time. Because if you do that, you essentially start with an empty page. Keep in mind that it's technically this index HTML file that is being loaded when you visit the website and this is a pretty empty page in the end. It just has one div and this script import. And indeed, it's in this div where this entire React app. So this component tree and the HTML code that's generated by that tree will be rendered. That's why if you view the page source code, you see nothing. And if you instead go to the elements tab, you see the, well, full DOM tree here. So yes, this was all inserted by React, but if you then click a button here, this is not all recreated and reinserted because that would be super inefficient. So just because a component function is executed again, like this counter component function when we click one of those buttons here, just because that happens does not mean that all the JSX code that's produced by that component function is reinserted in the DOM. The old code is not thrown away and replaced by new HTML code. And you can see that in the DevTools. For example, here, if I go to the counter section and I expand this paragraph, which does include the counter value. If you watch this HTML code on the right here, as I click this button here, you see that it's just this span here that's flashing. And in the Chrome DevTools in this elements tab, these elements flash if they are changed, so if the DOM changed in that place. So put in other words, only elements that flash here were touched by React. So when I increment this value, it looks as if React is only updating this span, is only working with that span element. All the other DOM elements are not touched by React. Even though technically, this counter component of course, also returns this paragraph and all of these buttons. Nonetheless, none of that flashes here, which means it's not changed in any way. And that's the case because React works with a so-called virtual DOM for finding out which parts of the actual DOM should be updated. And it's using this virtual DOM because working with such a virtual DOM, which lives only in memory is faster than working with that real DOM here. So how does this virtual DOM work then? Well, if I reload the page and the overall React app starts therefore and is rendered for the first time, React creates that component tree and then in the end derives the actual HTML code that should be rendered from that component tree and it then creates a virtual DOM snapshot. So it's not reaching out to the real DOM yet. Instead, it just creates a virtual representation of how that real DOM should look like. As a next step, React then compares that to that last virtual DOM snapshot it created. Now, if the app just started, there is no lost snapshot and therefore, React of course, sees that everything changed and it goes ahead to the real DOM and makes those changes, which means in this case, the entire virtual DOM is inserted into the real DOM, into this div with the idea root in this case. Now, when I click a button here, React in the end repeats that process. It again creates that component tree, and of course, it can quickly find out that only a part of that tree changed, that only some of those component functions were executed. In this case counter, and depending on if you are using memo or not, also those buttons. And React derives the updated HTML code. And it then compares that code with the old code, you could say. Still only virtually, it does not compare anything with the real DOM, it just compares this new virtual DOM snapshot with the old virtual DOM. And of course, it then quickly finds out which parts changed. And here in this case, this is only this span or this text inside of the span to be precise. And therefore then, as a next step, React goes ahead and applies those changes to the real DOM and only those changes. So in this case, it only goes to that span in the real DOM and replaces its old text with the new text and it does nothing else. And that is super important to understand. Just because a component function executes and it's JSX code therefore is evaluated, does not mean that this code is inserted or updated in the real DOM, because all those real DOM operations are quite performance intensive and therefore, React does not change the real DOM all the time. Instead, it just creates these snapshots, compares them and only makes the necessary changes to get to the target result.