Okay, that's now enough about component functions and how the DOM is updated. But it is of course important to understand all these things. But now I wanna take a closer look at state again. And one important thing, which I also already mentioned before in this course. But which is super important to understand is that state you register in a component function is scoped to that component you could say. And also is recreated whenever you reuse this component. So for example in the app component if I create a second counter based on that same counter component. And I give it an initial count of zero, let's say. If I do that, then both counters, of course, are based on this code here but every counter receives its own independent counter state. This state is not shared. And therefore if I save that here and reload, if I change this first counter, this has no impact on the second counter's value and vice versa. And this is, of course, a super important concept because that's what makes components reusable. State is scoped to a component. And if you use the same component function to create multiple component instances based on that function every instance has its own isolated state. This is really important to understand and keep in mind. However, that's not the entire truth. Instead, state is also tracked by position by React. And to show you what that means, I changed the counter component slightly and attached you'll find the updated version of that component. And I changed it to now no longer track the current counter with its state, but to instead track a list of changes here. So my state in this component is now an array of counter changes where every change is simply either plus one or minus one. And then the counter value is calculated by in the end adding up all those changes. Now as a result, the counter still behaves as before. But now we can bring in another component, which I also prepared for you, which is already part of the starting project. And that's the counter history component. This is simply a component which aims to output these different button presses, so to say. So a list of all the different changes we made to the counter. It does that with help of this history item component, which is defined in that same file as the counter history component function. Since this component function only gets used by this function here and strictly belongs to this function. And we can now use this counter history component in this counter component here below this paragraph by simply adding counter history here. And, of course, also adding this import at the top. And then to counter history, you must pass a history prop and you should set that equal to the counter changes state here. So, this array of changes. And if you do that and you save that, you'll notice that if you reload that as I increment this counter this list here is output. And now I can decrement it. And you see those different changes being output here in that list as I make more and more changes. And that allows you to find out why the counter has this current value, because you see its history or the history of changes to be precise down here. Now why did I add that? Well, because in this counter history component file in the history item component, I'm also managing some state. Some states that simply controls whether a specific item is selected, highlighted, you could say, or not. So I can, for example, click on an item here and it's then highlighted. And we can do this for multiple items and also turn this off. But you'll notice something interesting if I click on this item here. And I then click increment or decrement again. If I do that, you now see that it's still the second item that's highlighted here. But, of course, that's the wrong item now because it should be this item that should be highlighted. Because that was the item I selected before, a second ago. I can show this to you again. If I unselect this and select this and click a button, boom. It's now again the wrong item, the plus one instead of the minus one that's being selected. And how can this be the case if state belongs to a concrete component instance? How can it then jump across component instances? Well, because as mentioned, it's also tracked by position. So yes, the component instance or to be precise the type of the component matters. So in this case that it's a history item, but then it's the position of that component instance that also matters. And the state does not just belong to this component type, but also to the position where this component is used. Now for the counters, this was no problem. I had two counters here and they never ever changed their position. So therefore the state belongs to the type counter and to the positions. And since they never changed, everything is fine. But for the counter history, that's not the case. Since new items are inserted here at the top, all the other items move down with every new item that's added. And therefore the position of the history item component instances changes. And therefore since React behaves the way it does and state belongs to the position as well as the component type, the state here jumps from this component to this component if I click increment again. You see previously it was this component that was selected. Now it's this component. And that, of course, can be a problem because in most cases you don't want the state to jump like this. And therefore React also gives you a mechanism that allows you to avoid this, this key here. Because this is a problem that typically only occurs in lists like this because it can only occur if you have sibling components that are of the same type and the number or position of those components may change. And that's for example, not the case here. But it is the case here since we have a dynamically generated list. That's why React forces you to add such a key to every list item. Because that key is then another thing that's taken into account by React to map the state to a concrete component instance, you could say. But clearly here it's not working because here we have that problem where I select the item. And then the state jumps. And we have that problem here because I am using a key, but I am setting it to my index here. So to the index of the count value that's being output here and that index is in the end not a value that's strictly mapped to a specific count value. Instead, the index always stays the same. The index of this item here will always be zero. The index of this item here will always be one. But if I add a new value here to my list of changes, then of course those keys haven't changed. But the values that belong to those keys have and that's the problem with using index as a key value. And that's why you typically shouldn't do that and why you instead should try to use a key value that is strictly connected to a specific value. For example, here in this application we could change our logic and go to the counter component. And make sure that when we change our counter with set counter changes, we don't just store a number like this. But instead maybe an object where we store the number, so the value by which it should be changed under a prop that could be named value. And in addition, we add an ID prop and here we could then create a random number and multiply it with 100 for example. In most scenarios, you will be dealing with data that's coming from a database or something like this. Anyways, where you typically have unique IDs. But here for this demo generating such a random number as an ID is good enough, even though theoretically we could generate the same number twice. Though, we can lower that danger by multiplying it with 1000 for example. And we can repeat that process down here, store the change under a value prop here in handle increment and then add our ID, which here also should be such a random number like this. I will also do that for my initial value that I store here, my initial state value, where the initial count is my value. And I also add such a random ID. Now with that change made here in this reduce function, we just have to call counter change value here. To add the value to this number here and not the entire object. But why am I making this change? Well, because now we will have an ID that does belong to a concrete change object here. And we can now use that ID here in counter history. Here this history is now such an array of objects where every count has a value and also an ID and therefore we no longer need to use this index. And with all those changes made if you now reload and I click increment here and I select this and I click decrement, you now see the state change moves with this item. So now it no longer jumps across component instances, but it's instead tied to a concrete instance. And that's why this key here matters because it allows React to clearly identify a component if there is a dynamic list of similar components. And this then makes sure in this case here, for example, that the state moves together with this component instance.