Now adding such a key here also has another benefit besides making sure that the state doesn't jump around. And to show you this benefit, I'll temporarily go back to using such a index, which of course is a bad solution as you saw before. Because when I do that and I reload and I now go to the Elements tab and I inspect this list, please watch this list here and the list items here on the right as I click those buttons. You'll notice that every time I click a button basically all list items change. They all flash, which means they all change, they're all touched by React. And that happens because at the moment I'm using index as a key and therefore when I click Increment here for example and React creates these DOM snapshots, it sees that in the end it now has a totally different HTML code that should be rendered because a new item was added here. And it therefore basically throws away the old list and re-renders the new list because everything changed. Now of course, to us humans it's clear that that's not really the case. Instead, it's only the first list item that was added when we click such a button, and the other items are just the old items moved down by one. But because we're using this index key, React doesn't know that. Now, if we switch to that better key of count ID here, you'll see that this changes. If I save this and reload and inspect that list and you again watch that list here on the right, you'll see that as I change it it's now only parts of the list that are updated and the other elements are not updated, are not flashing. Instead it's really just the first element that is updated here. If you see the second element flashing as well, that's really just because I'm sometimes clicking too fast. It's just the first element that's being updated because React does indeed now understand that the other elements were part of the DOM before as well because it knows that key from the previous virtual DOM snapshot because that key is also stored there. And it's therefore able to reuse those old DOM elements and instead of recreating them, it just inserts a new element in front of them. And therefore, using such a key does not just help with state management, as shown in the previous lecture. Instead, it also helps React render such lists in a more optimal way.