So as you can tell by now, keys are important in lists like this. But as I'll show you now, keys are actually not just useful in lists. Instead, let's go back to the app component. Here, we're managing this chosen count which we're passing as an initial count value to counter. But at the moment, if I change this value and click set, not a lot changes here. I mean, if you watch closely, you saw that this value and this value here changed or was affected. For example, if I enter a prime number here, this also changed, but this value does not change. And indeed, my idea here is that as we enter a new value here, we then also reset this counter to the value we entered here. But that's not happening because this initial count value is really just used as an initial value for the state when it's being initialized. This initial value you pass to useState is never used after the first execution of this component function. It's really just used for initialization, nothing else. And that's why future initial account changes are ignored. But what if you now want to reset the counter, if this prop changes? Well, one thing you could do is you could use useEffect. Here, we could import useEffect in this file here. And then in the counter component function, for example, here, we can execute useEffect, pass our effect function to it and the dependencies array. And then here we could add initial count as a dependency and call setCounterChanges and basically set this to a new, almost, empty array where we just have this one initial value, which is based on the initial count. And with that, we would basically reset this array. So now if I save that and I reload, I can edit this counter here. But if I now enter a new value here and click set, you see this is reset, this works. Now this approach would work, but you're actually encouraged to limit the usage of useEffect because it is often used in a suboptimal way and it also triggers an extra component execution. Because, after all, you learned that this function here runs after the component function execution. And if you then change the state in there, you, of course, trigger another component function execution. So you have two component function executions instead of one. And that's not optimal. Therefore, a better way of forcing a component functional reset, which in the end is what we want to do here when initial count changes, is to use a key on the component. So here on this counter component, which uses this chosen count as an initial count value. You can add a key here because you can add the key prop to any component not just to Components that are used in a list. And then here you could use the chosen count as a key. If you're only doing that on one component, if you would add it on two, you would get a complaint by React and you would have to find some other key. But the nice thing now is, that whenever the key value changes, so the chosen count state value changes, React will basically, you could say, throw away the old component instance. It will destroy it and recreate it. So as if it would be rendering this counter component for the first time. And therefore this is a nice trick or pattern, to be precise, which you should use if you have some state that may change in apparent component, as it's the case here, that should then lead to some child component, like this counter component here, being reset. Because by using this approach and not using useEffect, and therefore we can also remove the import. By using this approach, we avoid this extra component function execution because now the old component is simply removed and a new component of the same type is reinsert, that you could say, and it's then executed by React and it's therefore only executed once. So if you save that all and you set a new state, you see this works as before but now in a slightly more efficient way. So this is another nice pattern you should keep in mind.