So now at this point, we're almost done for this section but there's one last state related concept here which I also want to explore together with you. And that's how state updates are in the end scheduled and executed by React. Now, I did mention earlier in the course that when you call a state updating function, like setChosenCount the state update will be scheduled by React. It will not be executed instantly. And that's why if you console log the state right after updating it, you will not get the new state here but instead the old state. And it's a common misconception that people think that they update the state in one line and then in the next line they can use the updated state. This won't work. If I open the console here and clear this and I set a new state. You see here I'm getting the old state because this state update is scheduled by React. And in the end it will of course be executed pretty much instantly, but it will not be executed right away and it will not magically change this value which belongs to the old component function execution, so to say. Instead, this will trigger a new component function execution and the new state will be available the next time this executes. But because those state updates are scheduled it is considered a best practice to perform state updates that depend on the old state value using this function form which I also showed you before in this course where you pass a function to the state updating function and that function then receives the old state snapshot and should return the new state snapshot. And you can use the old state snapshot to then derive the new snapshot. Because when using this approach here, React guarantees you that here you will always get the latest state snapshot available and if multiple state updates of the same time should be scheduled, they will be executed in the order in which they were scheduled. And you will always get the right value here. For example, here, if for some reason I decided that I then wanna update my chosenCount here by adding one to it, we would get a strange result if we try to do it like this. If we set the chosenCount to the newCount and we then add one to it. Since I'm using my old state like this here I will not get newCount plus one as a result of this, but instead my old state plus one. So if I do that and I click 10 here I get one as a new initial count value here because the one here was added to my old chosenCount, which was zero. If instead we used this function form here where we get the previous chosenCount passed in automatically by React, and we then add one to it we would get the newCount plus one instead because now both state updates are scheduled and they're guaranteed to be executed in the order in which they are scheduled. But now the second state update will then get the latest state value at the point of time where this scheduled update is executed and therefore it will get that newCount value that was set by this state update. So now if we change the code like this and save this, reload and enter 10 here, for example, we get 11 here. And this is an important mechanism to be aware of and you should especially keep in mind that you can't use the new state value right after setting it like this. This won't work, at least not as you might expect it to work. Now what's all important to know about this state scheduling is that if you have multiple state updates that are in the end triggered simultaneously so in the same function here, you will not end up with multiple component function executions because that would of course be pretty inefficient. But technically this is of course what could happen if React wouldn't take care for it not to happen because technically we're calling two state updating functions here. And therefore, technically since you learned that executing such a state updating function triggers the component function to run again, you could expect the component function to run twice because we have two state updates. But this is not what happens here. If we open the console and clear this and enter a value here and click Set. You see the app component function is only executed once. It's only called once and not a second time. And that's the case because React also performs state batching, which simply means that multiple state updates that are triggered from the same function, for example, are batched together and will only lead to one component function execution.