So that was a lot about component functions, state, the virtual DOM and all these important things. But, therefore, at this point you now have a super-detailed understanding of how React works and how you can optimize React in certain parts. To conclude this section, I now wanna introduce you to another package that you can also use to optimize the performance of your React applications, and that's the Million.js package. A rather strange name for sure, but a package that's really interesting. If you search for Million.js you should find its official page and you can learn more about the package there, and you most importantly learn that it can make React faster. They advertise with up to 70% at the point of time where I'm recording this. And you can use this package absolutely for free, just to be clear. Now, you can learn more about this package if you dive into the official docs and you can learn more about all its different configuration options here to squeeze out all the possible performance gains, but you can also get started by using it in automatic mode. And when using that mode, adding it to a project and improving the performance of your project is really simple. You just have to install it into your project. So here I'll quit my development server and run npm install million on CodeSandbox. You would simply add it to your dependencies. And then here, since this is a Vite-based project, you have to go to the vite.config file and tweak that file. Though the official docs give you details on how to integrate Million.js into different projects created with different popular tools for creating React projects. Here you have Vite, but for example, also Create React App which is a popular alternative. Now, when using Vite as we do, you can basically copy this code here and replace the code in this vite.config file with that code. And that's all. With that you enabled Million.js and whilst you might not get all possible improvements out of this library just by doing that, you should get some improvements out of it. So now if you restart the development server, and especially if you would build the application for production and you would deploy it, something we'll also cover in this course, of course, you should get a better performance. Though at least here I'm actually getting an error which can be fixed though by going to these icon components and ignoring them as instructed here in the instructions on the Million.js website. I can simply add this comment in front of my component function to ignore it and opt out of these Million.js improvements for this component here. And if I do that and reload, now the app renders again and it works and behaves as before, as you can tell. This all works fine without errors in the console and now technically it should be faster. Of course for this demo app, this doesn't really matter and would be pretty hard to measure, though, because it already is a pretty basic fast app. But if you are working on a more complex project and in there you maybe have parts where you are outputting and updating a lot of interactive data, Million.js might be able to speed up that application. And I absolutely recommend diving deeper into the official docs to learn how you can configure it in greater detail and how you can use it to squeeze out every last piece of performance. Because in the end, Million.js improves the performance by replacing React's virtual DOM mechanism with a more efficient mechanism, which is faster and derives required DOM updates faster than the existing algorithm that's built into React. And that's why I wanted to introduce you to Million.js as part of this section, because even though we don't need it for this project here, you might be able to benefit from it in your future projects.