In this chapter and in the coming lecture, we are going to talk about an extremely important feature of Java, the so-called reflection. So first of all, what is reflection? Reflection is the ability of a programming language such as Java to inspect itself and dynamically call methods, classes and so on. So first of all, what is the problem itself? The problem is that usually we are dealing with object oriented design, of course, because Java is an object oriented language, which means that we can use abstract classes, we can use inheritance, we can use polymorphism, which means that we may not know the classes and methods at compile time, but we can inspect the source code dynamically at runtime with the help of reflection. For example, we can get classes with the help of the Get CLOs method. You may pose the question that, okay, why is it so important? And this is why we are going to talk about reflection in the coming lectures and you are going to understand why reflection is an extremely powerful tool of Java. So if we assume the following example that we have a public interface vehicle and we have a given class bus implementing this vehicle interface, we have another class car implementing the same interface, then of course it is a good programming practice to program to an interface. What does it mean that we can instantiate the vehicle as the interface, as a car or a bus, But of course, usually with a large application, it is not that straightforward that if we have a vehicle interface, then what is the concrete class under the hood, whether it is a bus or it is a car. So we don't know the classes and the methods at compile time because of object oriented design, polymorphism and inheritance. But we can inspect this code with the help of reflection. So if we call the get CLOs method, then it is going to return either with bus or with car and then we can get the field variables, we can get the given methods so we can inspect the code dynamically at runtime. So this is why reflection is extremely powerful and you may pose the question that, okay, why and when to use reflection. Reflection is important since it lets you write programs that you do not have to know everything at compile time because of inheritance relationships, polymorphism and so on. This is how we can make dynamic programs as the classes and methods may be tied together at runtime. So this is what we have been talking about with the previous example. As far as given classes, implementing a given interface are concerned and most of the modern frameworks rely extremely heavily on reflection, whether we are dealing with JUnit as the test framework, whether we are dealing with Spring framework, which is one of the most popular enterprise edition related frameworks of Java. Whether we are dealing with Hibernate, a database related framework, these frameworks rely extremely heavily on reflection with the help of annotations. So we are going to talk about it in one of the coming lectures, and it is going to be clear, for example, if we are using JUnit as a test framework, then under the hood JUnit looks for methods with the test annotations and the framework will call these methods annotated by this test annotation whenever we run the tests and of course under the hood, Java is going to use reflection in order to analyze the code dynamically at runtime because of course we can get the annotations associated with a given class. We can get the methods, the field variables associated with a given class. We can even instantiate a given class with the help of reflection. And this is going to be an interesting topic that how to implement the singleton pattern in the most effective manner in order to avoid instantiation via reflection. Anyways, we are going to talk about these topics on a one by one basis. Thanks for watching.