In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about concrete examples as far as reflection is concerned. So we are going to talk about how to get the methods, how to get the field variables as far as a given class is concerned. But of course, first of all, we have to access the class itself. So this is exactly what we are going to talk about in this lecture. So let's assume that we have a given class, for example, person, just for demonstration purposes. It is going to be an empty class. And in the application Java, as far as the main method is concerned, we would like to access that given clause. So first of all, we can do something like this, We can use this class generic and we can define that it is going to be a person class. So we have the C, for example, and then we can use person dot close. So first of all, we can check the documentation as well. This clause is a class and it is generic. As you can see, it implements several interfaces and instances of the clause, represent classes and interfaces in the running Java application. Okay. And by the way, class has no public constructor clause. Objects are constructed automatically by the Java virtual machines as classes are loaded. Okay. And as you can see, we can get the class of a given object with the help of the get clause method. So here, this is the first example that if we know the class we would like to analyze because we know that it is a person, then we can define that this class is going to be a person, which means that we can print out System.out.println, C dot get name and the get name method is going to return with the name of that given clause. So if we save and run it, then as you can see, Java is going to print out the comb global software support. This is the package name, as you can see dot person where person is the name of that given clause because we are dealing with person dot Java. Okay. So if we know the clause we would like to analyze, then it is going to work fine. So this is the first method. So first method to acquire the clause, there is another method. So second approach is to create a clause. See person clause, for example. It is equals to a null at the beginning and it is going to be row. Type this by the fact that Java warns us that clause is a row type. We have no other option but to use something like this. And what can we do? We can use the clause for name and we can search for a given package. So in this case, we know for certain that the person, the Java class is located in the global software support package. So if we define comb dot global software support dot person, this is the path of the given class we would like to analyze. Then of course we have to surround it with try catch. And of course we have to make sure that we set the person clause to be equals to the clause dot for name. So this is the second approach, how we can get the given clause. And of course after that we can print out System.out.println. As far as the person clause dot get name is concerned. So if we do something like this, we save and run it. Then of course we can get the clause with the help of the person dot close approach and we can use clause dot for name. By the way, this is the approach that are being used heavily by frameworks. So this is the class for name and we have to define the full path of the given class we would like to access. Okay, so this is the second approach. So in this cases we know that what is the class we would like to manipulate? But of course what if we don't know the given clause? So if we have the example we have been talking about in the previous lecture. So for example, I have a vehicle interface and just for demonstration purposes, let's create a car class that is going to implement the vehicle interface. So if we use something like this and we have a boss, so right click class boss that implements the vehicle class, then in the application dot Java, we are going to create a public static method. So for example, public static void check clause and here we get vehicle, which means that let's assume that we don't know that whether it is a car or a bus implementation. This is exactly what we have been talking about, that because of object oriented design such as inheritance and polymorphism, it may happen that we have a vehicle and we don't know whether it is a car or a bus. So what can we do? We can use the vehicle. Dot get close. As you can see, the get close method returns with a clause, so it returns the runtime clause of this object. And of course, we have no option but to use something like this because we don't know whether it is a car or a bus. So we are not able to use generics after that, we can print out. So System.out.println. As far as C getName is concerned, sorry for that. We have the get name. Okay. So if we save it, then right after this we can call the check clause. And for example, we instantiate a new boss because the boss implements the vehicle interface. It is going to work just fine. If we save and run it, then as you can see. Com global software support dot boss. So here we are dealing with the boss implementation that implements the vehicle interface if we instantiate a new car. Save and run it, then with the help of reflection we can come to the conclusion that we are dealing with the car implementation that implements the vehicle interface. So it is an extremely powerful way of inspecting and analyzing the code at runtime. So because of polymorphism and inheritance, sometimes we don't know the exact type of the given variable. We know for certain that it is going to be an vehicle interface, but it can be a car or it can be a boss. So with the help of reflection, we can decide whether it is a car implementation or a boss implementation. So this is why reflection is so powerful. And in the coming lectures we are going to talk about how to analyze the given classes. Thanks for watching.