In this lecture. We are going to take a look at a concrete example, how to access field variables. So first of all, as far as the person class is concerned, let's define two private field variables. For example, string name, and then we will have the private integer. We have the age parameter. So these are the field variables we are dealing with. And I have created a field variable example with public static void main method. So here, what do we have to do? First of all, we have to acquire the person class. So we have a class and we can use the person because we know for certain that we are dealing with the person class. So we have the person. Class is equals to a person class. Okay. And then what do we have to do? First of all, we can print out. So System.out.println as far as the person class dot get package is concerned. And of course it is going to print out the package in which the given class is located. So because the person class is in global software support, this is why the package will become the global software support. So this is how we can acquire the package associated with a given class, which means that the given class is located in that given package. Okay. And if we want to get the fields, then we can create a one dimensional array of field variables. Of course we will have to import the field. But first of all, let's use the person clause dot, get fields. So this get Fields is going to return with a one dimensional array of fields and you have to import the Java dot long that reflection related field variable. And after that we can iterate through. So field we have the F, for example, as far as the fields are concerned and we can System.out.println as far as fields dot get name is concerned so we can print out the name of the field variables. And because there are two field variables, name and age, this is what we expect. But if we save and run the application, then nothing is going to happen. And the reason is that we use private. So if we use private string name and private integer age, then we are not able to access these variables because they are defined as private. If we use, for example, protected. So if we use protected something like this, let's test whether it is working fine or not. It is not going to work fine as well. But if we define public, so if we use public, which means that these variables can be accessed from outside, if we run the application, as you can see, we can get the name of these field variables, name and age. Of course, these are the names of the given variables. So if we use the name and variable and we save and rerun the application, then as you can see, this is going to be the name of that given field variable. So if we save and rerun again, then we have the name and the age parameters. So this is how we can access field variables. First of all, we have to acquire the class as usual. Then we have to call the Get Fields method that's going to return with a one dimensional array of fields, and then we can iterate through and consider all the fields one by one. And these are going to represent the variables in the person class, the name and the age accordingly. Okay, so this is how we can access field variables. Thanks for watching.