Hi. In this video we are going to talk about how to get methods from a given class. With the help of reflection. I'm going to comment it out and I'm going to generate some methods. For example, right click source, generate getters and setters for the age and for the name Ctrl shift F to auto format. For example, I'm going to have another name, public String return name, and it's going to return this dot name. Plus, for example, is the name whatsoever just for demonstration purposes, it's going to be fine and we are able to get the methods with the help of a one dimensional array again, Java dot long that reflect and for example, methods is equal to the person class dot get methods. Okay, then we are able to iterate through this one dimensional array of methods and we are able to print out the m dot get for example name plus. Okay. And we are able to define the return type as well. So m dot get return type and if we run it, it's going to print out all the methods. Okay, I'm going to have a get name. The return type is going to be a string. We have the set name, the return type is void. We have the get age. It's going to return an integer. The set name is going to return a void. We have the return name as I have defined. It's going to return with a string. As you can see, there are several methods that we do not see and do not specify. But this class has the hashCode, for example. It has the two string method. It has the equals method weight method because every single clause in Java extends the object, and object contains several methods such as equals hashCode get class weight and notify and notify. All are multithreaded related methods, but hashcode and equals. We have to define it in order to be able to compare two person classes. The hashCode method is going to use when we store, for example, the person in a hash table and the get class is the get class we have been talking about in the first lecture. Okay, so this is how we get the methods from a given class with the help of reflection. Thanks for watching.