In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to access constructor of a given class with the help of reflection. So just for demonstration purposes, I have a test class and this test class has a public constructor. So public test. Okay. So something like this. And if we want to access that given constructor, then what do we have to do? First of all, we use the constructor and it is generic, so we have to define the test. This is going to be the constructor or something like this. Of course we have to import the Java.lang reflection related constructor and of course it is generic, so we have to let Java know that we are going to deal with the constructor as far as the test class is concerned and we can use the test, we can get the class and we can get the declared constructor. Of course it is going to throw an exception. So as you can see, unhandled exception type no such method exception. So we are going to throw that exception. Okay. And we can instantiate. So we can instantiate a new class based on the constructor. So this is how we can instantiate a class under the hood with the help of reflection. And this is exactly what the most popular frameworks do under the hood, such as the spring framework, such as Hibernate, such as JUnit and so on. So if we want to instantiate a new test, then we can use the constructor dot new instance. And of course, sorry for that. First of all, there's a typo. So constructor, something like this. Okay. It is going to work just fine and we can define the new instance as you can see. And in this case, because we have an empty constructor. So as you can see, the test class is not waiting for arguments as far as the constructor is concerned. This is why whenever we get the new instance, we don't have to define the parameters. And of course, again we have to handle exceptions. So I am going to throw an exception, which means that in this case I am not going to bother with exception. Okay, so if we save then it is going to work just fine. And if we have, for example, a two string method, so right click in the test dot Java class source to string method, then we can generate it and we return with this is a test object. So if we do something like this and we save it, then here if we print out so we can use System.out.println and Java is going to call the two string method automatically under the hood. If we save and run it, then as you can see, we have managed to instantiate a Java class with the help of reflection. So of course we can instantiate the Java class like this. We can use the new keyword as usual, but it is going to be the same. We can use Java reflection and we can instantiate a new class. And why is it crucial? Because we can instantiate the class despite the fact that it has a private constructor. So I'm not sure whether you are familiar with the private constructor, but this is how we can make sure that the user is not able to instantiate that given class. So usually this is the case when dealing with the Singleton design pattern because if we want to use something like this. So now with the private constructor, if we want to use the new keyword, then we are not able to instantiate it because the constructor is not visible because the constructor is private. So usually this is how we implement the singleton pattern. I'm not sure whether we are familiar with the singleton pattern. I have a distinct course on software, architectural principles and design patterns, but anyways, singleton pattern is a creational design pattern that ensures that a class has only one instance while providing a global access point to this instance. So we have a single instance and every single class can access that given single instance. And it is absolutely crucial if we want to provide control, access to a shared resource such as files, databases, thread pools, for example. So this is exactly how thread pools are implemented under the hood in Java. So we have a so-called singleton class, which means that we are not able to instantiate that given class because the constructor is private. But there is a huge issue with this approach. If we have a private constructor, we are not able to instantiate it with the new keyword, but it is absolutely crucial that we can instantiate a class with reflection despite the fact that it has private constructor. So it is absolutely crucial that if we have a private constructor then let's try to save and run it. In this case, we get an illegal access exception because the test has a private. Structure. But we can deal with this problem. We just have to make sure that the constructor. Dot set accessible is equal to true. If we do something like this and we save and rerun the application, then as you can see, we have managed to instantiate a class with a private constructor. And it is extremely crucial because if you search for singleton pattern in Java and for example, let's select an article at random, then usually the approach is to make the given constructor private, which means that if we make the constructor private so that this class cannot be instantiated. But we have seen a few minutes earlier that with the help of reflection, we can instantiate as many objects as we want. So, for example, if we want to instantiate three test objects, then we can do it without any problem. By the way, I don't want to get into any trouble. I am a huge fan of tutorials point.com so I like this website very very much. I just found this article. Absolutely. No offense. I don't want to criticize anyone. The main point is that we can instantiate a given class with reflection despite the fact that we have a private constructor and you may pose the question that okay, what can be the solution? The solution is Joshua Bloch's solution, which means that we should use enums instead of private constructors. We should use enums in order to implement singleton patterns. Anyways, this course is not on software, architectural design and design principles. I just wanted to show you how to get new instances of a given class despite the fact that we have a private constructor. So this is how we can access a given constructor and this is how we can get new instances whether the constructor is public or private. Thanks for watching.