Hi. In this video we are going to talk about how to detect annotations on given classes or in this video, we are going to focus on how to detect annotations on methods. So I'm going to create my own annotation. We are able to create it with the help of this interface. For example, my annotation. We have to define some methods. For example, public. It's going to get a name and public string, for example name. It's going to be the method we have to define and we have to define two things. First of all, we have to say that retention and retention policy Dot runtime, it's very important to use this annotation in order to be able to detect this annotation with the help of reflection. And the second one is the so-called target annotation here, the target annotation, we are able to define that. What's going to be the element type? We are able to use annotations on field variables. We are able to use annotations on methods. We are able to use annotations on local variables and whatsoever. So in this case, I would like to construct an annotation that can be used on methods. Okay, so this is the annotations I have created and I'm going to use my annotation on this return name. And we have to define, for example, my annotation as a name because we have defined this method in the my annotation definition. Okay, so we have the annotation and we would like to detect it at runtime with the help of reflection. So we just have to get the methods, as we have discussed in one of the previous lectures, for example, methods is equal to the person class dot get methods and we just have to iterate over these methods. So method and for example in the methods one dimensional array and we just have to define that if this method is annotation present with my annotation dot gloss. So what does it mean that basically if the method is annotated with this my annotation because we are going to consider this method then this method, this method and this method and we pose the question that okay, is there an annotation? My annotation. So is that given method is annotated by this my annotation and as you can see this method is annotated by this my annotation. So we would like to detect it. Okay. And I think we have to use the system.out. I'm going to print out the name of that given method that annotated this my annotation. And if we run it, as you can see, return name has been printed out. So what does it mean? It means that this return name method has the my annotation annotation. Okay, so this is how we create annotations. This is how we use annotations, by the way. But I'm sure you know about annotations and this is how we are able to detect annotations. And basically this is the most important part as far as reflection is concerned, because usually for test frameworks or for example, spring or vaadin, most of the modern frameworks relies heavily on annotations, on methods and on field variables. And this is how we are able to create the framework that's able to detect these annotations. And if we have an annotation, for example, on this private field, then we know how to detect it and we know how to find a given field variable and how to find a method we would like to operate with. So that's all about annotations and reflection. Thanks for watching.