In the previous lectures, we have been talking about the fundamental basics of reflection. We have been talking about how to access a given class, how to access the field variables, how to access the constructor, how to access the given methods, how to instantiate a given class with the help of reflection. And in this lecture I want to tell a few words about how to use reflection in frameworks such as Spring, for example. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with the spring framework. As for me, I'm a huge fan of the Spring framework despite the fact that I haven't used it for ages. But anyways, what's crucial? That Spring framework relies extremely heavily on reflection. So we have the so-called been entities. A spring bean is basically an object managed by spring. More specifically, it is an object that is instantiated configured and otherwise managed by the spring framework container. Anyways, what's crucial that as you can see, we have to define a given ID, It is going to identify the given bean uniquely and we have to define a given class and here com dot global software support dest. This is going to reference the class itself and as you can see, we can define the properties such as the name variable, such as the age variable, and we can define the default values. The name is Adam. The age is equals to 36. So what is going to happen under the hood? Because the spring framework knows the package and the location of the given class, it is going to use the approach we have been considering in the previous lectures. For example, it will use the Forname method in order to get the given clause. After accessing the given clause, it is able to instantiate the given class with the help of the constructor. This is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture that we can instantiate the class with reflection without any problem, and then we can set the field variables with the help of reflection. So for example, we have a name field variable with default value. Adam We have the age field variable with default value. 36 So it means that if we have a spring framework related configuration file as far as the beans are concerned, then the framework is able to use Java's reflection in order to instantiate and initialize these objects with the values we have defined in the configuration files. If you are familiar with Android programming, for example, it is more or less the same When we have the configuration related files and the framework is able to find and instantiate those classes with the help of reflection. So reflection is an extremely crucial part of frameworks. In the main, whether we are dealing with JUnit, whether we are dealing with spring, whether we are dealing with hibernate. Java uses reflection under the hood. Thanks for watching.