Next, let's focus on Components again. And for that, still in that same project still in the app component. If we take a look at this JSX code in there, we can see that in that root component, we got a lot of things going on. A lot of different responsibilities in the end because this app component is actually responsible for rendering this core concepts section here and all these core concept items. And it's also responsible for managing these tap buttons and this interactive part at the bottom of the screen here. All these things are in the end managed by this app component, and that's why this app component manages both this state here for this interactive area and also has to import this core concept data from the data js file. Now of course, for this basic app that's not necessarily a problem but having a single component that deals with such different things typically is a sign that you might want to split it up and break it up into multiple smaller sub Components. And in this app specifically here, there also is another sign because you might've noticed that if I click one of these tap buttons occasionally this text up here changes. So as I click this here, you see it changes to fundamental and then here to crucial and so on. And this happens because we're managing this state. This selected topic state in the app component. And as you learned in the previous section, whenever this state is updated with help of this state updating function here, the component function to which this state belongs is re-executed, sp that React is able to find out if something changed about this JSX code and is able to update the screen. But since this header component here is of course being used in this app component, this header component function here is also re-executed. Because this entire code here in the app component is re-executed when the app component function is executed again. And therefore, of course, the header component function is also called again. And in there, and therefore generating a new random number every time this is drawn again. And I'm updating this text here. And this is another signal that maybe we're managing the state, this selected topic state here, in the wrong component and that we might wanna split up this app component and that's therefore what we'll do next. Because being able to identify good places for extra Components and being able to split up your big Components into smaller Components and to separate responsibilities is an important skill for every React developer.