So let's now break up this big App Component. And here I'd say it makes sense to put these different sections into different new Components because in the end these are different features of our demo App here. This here is a feature and this interactive area at the bottom is another feature. And putting different features into different Components is always a good idea in React projects. Therefore, here in the Components folder I'll start by creating a new core concepts JSX file that should store a new core concepts Component. And I'll also add a new examples JSX file that should store this examples area here. But I'll start with the core concepts. We can grab this section and cut it from the App JSX file. And in this core concepts JSX file, which we just added, we can export a new default function which should be called CoreConcepts. And in there we can return this section. Now of course, we just have to make sure that both the core concepts data and the core concept Component is available in this Component function and in this file. And therefore of course we must add the respective import statements and import the core concept Component from ./CoreConcept.JSX and import the core concepts data from going up one level and then the data js file. With that, this Component here should work and we can go back to the App Component. And here we now should get rid of this core concepts import and of this Component import here, and instead import the core concepts Component from ./Components/CoreConcepts.JSX. And with this import added back in the JSX code here, we can and should output core concepts. And with that we created our first new Component that has its own feature area. Now we can do the same for the examples here. For that, we should grab this section with the tap buttons and this tab content And go to this examples JSX file. And here we also want to export the examples function and then return this JSX code. But of course the JSX code is now not everything that must go into this new Component function. Instead, we now also must manage the state in here. We must add this handle select function to this function because at the moment we're trying to call a function here which is unknown in this file. Handle select is not available here in this file. And we also must manage this tab content variable in this function here now. And therefore we can go back to the App Component file and there, grab this code here. And also grab this handle select and this useState code here so that in the end, once we cut that this App Component is pretty lean, which is the goal. We wanna make it leaner and we wanna outsource these different features into different Components because especially when working in bigger React projects splitting your code across multiple Components like this can make your life as a React developer easier and can make working on that project easier. So here with all that code cut we should go back to the examples Component function and paste all that code in there. And of course now we also must make sure that useState is available in this file, so we should import useState from React. And we also must make sure that these examples constant this data here is available in this file. So therefore we should also import examples from going up one level and then the data js file again. I can also get rid of this console log statement here because it's now in the wrong Component and we also don't need it anymore. With that, we got these examples, JSX file finished, we got this Component here finished, and we can now go back to the App Component. And just as before, we should get rid of those imports which are not needed anymore because we're not using these features in this file anymore. And I just saw that the tab button import of course must be added in the examples JSX file but we'll do that in a second. Here in this App JSX file, for the moment, we should just import examples from ./Components. And then there examples JSX. So that here below core concepts, we can use examples as a custom HTML element so to say. And with that in the examples Component as mentioned we must make sure that this tab button is available. So therefore here we should also import this tap button Component from the tap button JSX file. With that, if you save everything and you reload you should see the same Application as before. You should not see any errors here but you now see that as I click these tabs, this text up here doesn't change anymore and it doesn't change anymore because now we're managing this selected topic state inside of the examples Component and therefore it's this Component function that gets executed again whenever this state changes. And the App Component function on the other hand is not going to be executed again. And therefore now this header Component function also isn't executed again anymore.