At this point in this section, we got an application that's working absolutely fine and we got a code base that could absolutely stay this way. But before we'll dive into the next project we're going to build, there are two additional components I want to create in this project here. And most importantly, there are a couple of other crucial React features you should know about and we'll dive into those features as we'll build those additional components. And I'll start here in the core concepts JSX file. In there, we got this section element, which then inside of it has this title and then the actual content of that section. In this case, this list. And we have a similar JSX structure in the examples JSX code. There we also have a section with a title inside of it and then some content inside of it. In this case, the tab buttons and the tab content. Now here, we could therefore build a separate section component that always enforces this structure so that make sure that we always have such a title and then some content below it. Because as our application might grow, we might be adding more and more sections and chances are high that we'll always have this kind of structure where we have title and then some content below it, and then probably the section element being used to wrap that overall content. And therefore, of course, we could add an additional component here in the components folder and name it section.JSX or name the file section.JSX. And then inside of there, we can export a section component function, of course. Now in here, we then could return our section element and the h2 element inside of it. And the title should then be set dynamically with help of props since it should be configurable in the place where this section component is being used. So therefore, we can use props destructuring here as you learned and expect to get a title prop, for example so that here we can then use and output this title prop like this. And then of course, we can also get the special children prop so that we can use our section component, our custom component here as a wrapper around the actual section content that should go below this title because we can then use this children prop to output it here below the title. And building a component like this then allows us to use it. For example, in this examples JSX file. In there, here where we import our components and other things, we can import this section component from ./Section JSX. And with that imported, we can go down here and now replace this section here with our custom section and also the closing tag, of course. And with that done, we now no longer add the h2 element like this. Instead, now, we can set this special title prop which we're expecting here in this section component. And therefore, here in this examples JSX file, we can set the title prop on section and in this case, set it to examples. Now if we do that and save this, you'll notice that the styling doesn't look correct anymore, though. For example, these buttons are now broken. And the reason for that of course is that I got some styling rules in this index CSS file where I'm looking for the examples ID. I want that ID on an element to then style the overall element but also some child elements like the h2 tag or the menu. And whilst I'm setting the ID here on my custom section component, I'm not using this ID prop inside of this section component. And what's really important to understand here and in React in general is that when you are setting props, so attributes, so to say, on a custom component, those props are not automatically forwarded to the JSX code used inside of that component. So, here in this case, the ID prop, which we're setting on our custom section component in the examples JSX file, this prop is not automatically forwarded and set as an attribute on this built-in section element that we're using inside of our custom component here. There is no magic connection like this. Instead, React is only setting the props on the elements where you, the developer are setting them. There is no magic going on behind the scenes regarding that. And therefore, here at the moment, this ID prop, which we're setting here in examples JSX is basically just lost, it's ignored by React. It's not there in the rendered DOM and that's why those styles are lost. Now, of course, we could now try to destructure this ID prop here and then added like this. That would work. If we save that, you see the styling spec. But when using this approach, we would have to destructure and manually set more and more attributes on this built-in section element if we want to set more elements here. For example, if we also want to set a class name here to add a CSS class. We also would have to destructure that here and then manually set it like this on this built-in section element. And this is not really scalable and not really convenient. Therefore, here, we can use a pattern that could be called forwarded props or proxy props.