Now this section component here was the first additional component I wanted to add to this project to show you this props forwarding pattern. Another component we could add here would be a special tabs component that manages this overall tabs area here. Because if we take a closer look at our tabs system, we can see that our tabs are basically a combination of having a menu bar with tab buttons and then the tab content below that menu bar. And that content could of course also be inside of some div or some other HTML element if needed or just be below that menu bar like this as it currently is. Now again, there's nothing wrong with this setup, especially for this basic demo app we got here. But in bigger apps, it would not be unreasonable to assume that we might have different places in the app where tabs like this might be used and therefore we might wanna have a reusable tabs component. Hence, again here we can add a new file, tabs.JSX, for example, and then in there export a default function called tabs. And here I then wanna return a fragment where I have a menu element, so the built-in menu element which will wrap my buttons. And below that, the actual content that should change whenever a different tap button is selected. So this will be another wrapper component in the end that just enforces a certain JSX sent, therefore ultimately HTML structure. So here of course, we can use prop destructuring to for example get our children, this special children prop, to set the actual content that will be shown below our buttons. So now back here in examples, JSX, we could try to use this tabs component here. And for that of course, we also must add this import where we import tabs from tabs.JSX. And then here we can take our tab content, which is managed here in this examples component and which I wanna manage here, not inside of the tabs component, because the idea behind this component is that we could use it for all kinds of tabs with all kinds of content in different places of the app. So I don't wanna manage the content in here, it should instead be managed in the place where the tabs component is used. And therefore here in the examples component, we can select and grab this dynamic tab content and put that between our tabs here. But of course now I also wanna get those tab buttons into my tabs component. Now of course we could cut them and add them here in the menu but now we have the problem that I want to handle the clicks on those tab buttons in the component where I'm using it and also is selected depends on data from the component where I'm managing the overall tab related state. And I don't have that state here in this tabs component because as I just mentioned, this should be a relatively dump wrapper component which doesn't know anything about the content it's managing. So moving the tap buttons into this tabs component kind of adds some extra difficulties. I now would have to accept some extra props here where I get the selected topic. And then also some unselect tab prop, for example, which is triggered whenever some tab button is clicked. But adding these extra props does not just add some extra complexity here, but also makes tabs less reusable because now I couldn't use the component in a place where I'm not managing topics but something totally different. So this is not a great solution. I don't wanna accept a bunch of props here just to make these buttons work. Instead, what would be better would be to leave those buttons here in the examples JSX file, but to pass them as JSX code to the tabs element just as we're passing this dynamic content to tabs. The problem here just is that we only have one special children prop, and we're using that for the content. But now I need some additional prop here to get my buttons, which should be inserted between those menu tags. So we wanna have an additional slot for JSX code in this tabs component you could say. And for that, we could simply add an additional prop here with any name of our choice, for example, buttons and then simply output our buttons like this here. And then in examples JSX, where I'm using this tabs component, we can set this buttons prop, but now we're not setting it to some string or to some number or anything like that, but instead to some JSX code. And that is something you can do in React because as I mentioned before in this course, JSX code, JSX elements are in the end just regular values that can be used like values in your code. So here we can grab all those tab buttons and cut them and use them as a value here for buttons. The only problem we'll have with that here is that now we got a bunch of sibling elements being used as a value here, and that's simply not allowed with JSX. As you learned before, whenever you are using JSX code as a value in some place, no matter if that place is the value being returned in a component or a value being stored in a variable, you have to make sure that there's only one root element in that place. And for that, we could add a div as a wrapper around these tap buttons like this. Or since we don't really need a div here, simply this special fragment about what you learned. And with that, we're now setting these buttons as a special prop, which might look weird but which is a common pattern indeed because now with that pattern being used, we're able to basically set two different slots on this tabs component, the main content slot, which is set with help of children. And then this buttons slot, which is set with help of our custom buttons prop. And of course, we could accept more props and set more slots if our component would need extra slots for extra JSX content that should be set. But here I only want to have my buttons and my children and the buttons are wrapped by the menu element then. And with that, I got that lean tabs wrapper which enforces this structure where we have buttons inside of a menu element. And then below that menu, the children, and we can now use the tabs here in the examples component in our section and therefore get rid of this menu element here below the tabs and have this clean structure and this reusable tabs component which enforces this structure. And as you can see if you reload the app, everything still works as it did before. And whilst this pattern might maybe look a bit redundant for this basic app here, it is a crucial pattern. And being able to set multiple slots in Components is a crucial concept in React about which every React developer must know.