Now with that Tabs component added here, there's one other thing I wanna do with that component and one other concept and pattern I wanna explore together with you. And this extra concept is related to this menu element here in this case. In this Tabs component, we might wanna wrap our buttons with a menu, but maybe we wanna make this Tabs component a bit more flexible. And if it is being used in different parts of the application, which is not the case here, but which could be the case in bigger applications, we might want to be able to use different wrapper elements around our buttons in those different places in the application. Now, one way, of course, would be to simply get rid of the menu here and to then use the elements that we wanna use as a wrapper here in the place where we're setting the buttons. Now, this would be one way of solving this but a different way, which is maybe more elegant is to keep using this wrapper element here because this also ensures that this separation between our buttons and the content is always enforced. But we might want to allow the developer to choose which wrapper element should be used if the Tabs component is used in different places of the application. And for that, we could accept an additional prop that could be named buttonsContainer. Though the name, of course, is up to you. But the idea here behind this prop is to get the element that should be used as a wrapper so that in Examples.jsx, I can go to the Tabs component and set this buttonsContainer prop, which I just added in my destructuring code in the Tabs.jsx file. And then maybe here, set this to menu if I wanna use the menu element or ul if I wanna use the unordered list element instead, or div if I wanna use a div or maybe even a custom component, like the Section component if I would want to use this. So I basically want to be able to use the identifier of a component as a value for this prop, not the component itself with those angle brackets but just the identifier, like for example, menu. And there is an important difference between built-in and custom components, which you could already see here. Custom components must be passed as a dynamic value so to say like this. So with curly braces, and then your function name like this. But for built-in elements like menu, you're not doing it like this because that would look for a variable named menu in your code and try to pass the value stored in such a variable as a value for this buttonsContainer prop. And I don't have a variable named menu in my code here but instead for built-in elements like menu or div, you simply pass the identifier as a string like this here. So that's an important difference here. But how can we now use this buttonsContainer that contains this component identifier inside of the Tabs component? Well, we could try to simply replace the hard-coded menu element identifier between those angle brackets here with buttonsContainer, so with that prop name here, but this wouldn't work. Instead, this would be looking for a built-in element called buttonsContainer. And I'm talking about a built-in component here because it's starting with a lowercase character, but of course, there is no built-in component called buttonsContainer. Instead, we wanna use the value that's received on this buttonsContainer prop here as an identifier. So what we have to do here to make sure that instead of looking for a built-in component named buttonsContainer, it takes a look at the value inside of this prop and treats that as a custom component, which should be rendered. We have to add a special const or a variable here, which could be named Buttons or ButtonContainer like this, but which starts with a capital case character, that's important. And then here in this ButtonsContainer, we could store this buttonsContainer. So with that, we're basically creating a variable or constant in this case, which can be used as a custom component because it starts with an uppercase character and which can therefore be used here like this. And now what React will do here is it will take a look at the value stored in buttonsContainer and that will, of course, be the value received on this buttonsContainer prop. And it will then either see that it's a string and in that case, it will try to look for a built-in component that can be identified by that string value. Or if we would pass in a custom component like section here, React would also recognize that and see that we're not trying to output some built-in component here, but that we're instead trying to display some custom component here and it would then render that component. It would call that component function, so to say. But in this case, I wanna stick to this string identifier. And with that, if we save that, if I reload, this all works snd if we inspect our tabs here, we can also still see that there is this menu element being used. And we could now, on the other hand, also replace menu here with div. And if I save that, we don't just see that the styling is broken because the menu element was actually used in some CSS rules here but we also see that indeed, here we have a div as a wrapper around these buttons. And with that, we're now able to dynamically set the wrapper that should be used around these buttons when we're using this Tabs component. Here I'll go back to using a menu but knowing about this pattern where you essentially pass a component identifier as a value for a prop and you're then using this identifier inside of a component to dynamically render different HTML elements is another crucial concept you should be aware of. And of course, here we could have also taken some shortcut and instead of remapping this prop to some constant, we could have simply accepted a prop that starts with an uppercase character. We then just have to make sure that we also set this prop with an uppercase character here in the place where we're using this component. And with that, we would achieve the same result as before. So now here I got the menu back, for example. But this is a crucial pattern. And whilst it might be confusing at first, it's, in the end, simply about receiving a component identifier as a value for a prop. And the only two important things to remember here is that that prop then must be usable as a custom component in the receiving component. So the tabs component in this case. So it must start with an uppercase character or it must be remapped to a constant or a variable that starts with an uppercase character. And the other important thing is that when it comes to these identifiers, you use string names for the built-in elements like menu, ul or div and you use your component functions like this here if you wanna use a custom component. You're not calling the function and you're not using it with angle brackets like this. Instead, you're just using the function name if you wanna pass the identifier for a custom component as a prop value. But here it's this string identifier because I wanna use the built-in menu component.