So let's get started working on that tic-tac-toe game. And as you'll see throughout the rest of this section, even though the game might not look too complex, there actually are many important patterns and concepts we'll explore whilst building this game. Now I wanna start simple though, and I wanna start by adding a nice little header at the top of this page. Basically just an image and a title below that image. And for that, in our code here, we can of course go to this app.jsx file, which contains this app component which is that main component that is being rendered into the root of our application. And in this app component where I currently just have this placeholder, we could output a header with the built-in header element, the built-in header component, that contains an image with some source and some alt text. And then below that, an H1 tag where we can say Tic-Tac-Toe, like this. But this is not what I'm going to do here. Instead, I'm going to grab this code and just output a paragraph here for now where I say coming soon because we're going to work on this here soon. And I'll instead go to the index.html file, because in this file we have this div, which is going to get controlled by React as you learned before in this course. Because in index.jsx, we are in the end selecting that div with the ID root to then render the app component in that div. But what's really important to understand is that of course this index.html file is in the end the file that's going to get served to the visitors of your website. Therefore, of course, when working with React, you can still add more markup to that file if you need more markup in there. If you got some markup that could be put into a component but that really doesn't have to be inside of a component because it might not depend on props or any state that might change. And therefore you could put this header markup right here into this index.html file above this div here. And I'm highlighting this here because when working with React, it's too easy to forget that you can do things like that here, that you don't have to put everything into your component. Of course, most of your web application's markup is going to go into your components, and all of your web application's logic is going to go in there. But if you have some static markups, some static data like this header here, which does not depend on any data and which does not need to change, you can also put it right into that index.html file here. And here in this starting project, which I prepared for you, this is definitely what I want to do. Because here in this project I also have this public folder which stores a couple of images. A couple of images which we can use here in our application, in our code, because all the files that are stored in the public folder will always be available to your website visitors. And you can easily reference those files in the public folder from inside your markup, no matter if it's in a component or in the index.html file as we have it here, by simply specifying the name of the file you want to use. Here, for example, game-logo.png to reference this image here. Because all these files in the public folder will basically be served alongside the index.html file to your website visitors. That's why you can simply reference them by name and you don't have to build a path here. A public/game-logo.png would be wrong because those files will automatically be surfaced to the root of your web application when being served to your website visitors. Now, for the alt text here, I'll say hand drawn tic tac toe game board because that's what can be seen on this image. And with that, if we save this and we reload and we make sure that we're scrolled up all the way to the top, we should see this image and this title. And it looks the way it looks because of some styling rules that are set up in that index.css file, of course. And definitely feel free to tweak those. But with that, we got this header outside of our React component for the reasons mentioned. But with that, we're now of course going to dive into the React components because we're now going to work on the actual game logic.