So let's now start working on the main game. And for this here, in this app component, we'll of course need to add a couple of building blocks. Because in the end, in the finished game, I wanna have an area where we can view the names of the players and where we can also edit those player names. Then of course, we'll need the main game board and then we also need a log below that game board that in the end, outputs information about the turns that the players took while playing the game. So we got these three big building blocks here and I'm going to start here with the players feature. So without putting these player names and adding the logic that allows the user of the website to edit those player names. Before that, first of all, in this app component, I'll use a main element as a wrapper element around these different building blocks. And then in there I'll add yet another wrapper, a div with an ID of "game container." And I'm using this ID because of course, in the index CSS file, I'm looking for this ID with some CSS styles. And I wanna have my players building block and the game board building block in this game container and then the log below that outside of that div, simply for styling purposes. Now as mentioned, I wanna start with the players area. And here, I'll start by outputting an ordered list. Ordered list because technically of course the order matters because we first have the name of the first player and then of the second player. It's a small semantic detail. Not too important here, but that's why I'm going for an ordered list here. Now, I'll give that ordered list an ID of "players," again for styling purposes. And then in there, in that list, I of course wanna have two list items for the first player and for the second player. And we'll start simple by just outputting the names of these players and their symbols because since we're playing tic-tac-toe, every player has their own symbol, which is shown on the game board whenever a square is selected. Now, for styling reasons, I'll add a span here which contains the player name. So player one, for example, for a start. And of course we're soon going to make this dynamic, but for the moment I'll hard code this. And I'll give this span a class, a CSS class, by adding the class name "prop" as you learned before in this course. And here the class is player name, again for styling purposes. And then I'll add a second span here below that player name span. And here, I'll give that span a class name of "player symbol." And for the first player, I want to output an X here. And now we can copy this and replace this second list item with this new list item and just adjust the data to say "player two" and use the symbol "O" here. Now, this is not the finished players area. A lot of things are missing here, but it's a start. If we save this, we should see this here on the screen. We should see this main game area, so to say, with the black background. And then we got the player one output and the player two output here. Now, the next step is to make these player names dynamic and to add an edit button here that allows us to actually show an input field that allows the user of the website to edit those player names. And that's therefore what we're going to add next.