So let's make sure that we have an edit button here next to these player names and symbols. And for that I'll actually wrap these spans here with another span, which I'll give a className of player. And I'll do the same down here for Player 2. And also close that span of course. And I'm doing this for styling purposes because now next to that span here, which I just added, I want to add a button which says Edit. Of course also for the second player. With that, I got this added button here which of course at the moment doesn't do anything. Now, before we're going to add any logic here, there's one thing you might already recognize about this App component and this player markup here. We are essentially repeating the same markup in two places. And that's always a good indicator that we might want to create a separate component here. Because repeating markup like this is annoying because whenever we change anything about that structure, let's say the correct class name here would not be player but player info, then we have to do that in two places. That's annoying and quickly leads to errors. That's why instead of repeating markup like this, it would be better to create a separate component. And for that, of course, we can and should create a components folder in that source folder. And in that components folder, we could create a Player.jsx file or PlayerInfo or anything like that. Here, I'll just name it Player. And in there, of course, we want to export a component function which also should be named Player here. Now of course, as you know, the name is up to you but I think Player describes the purpose of this component really well. Now here we wanna return some markup and we have to return something renderable, as you learned. And the markup that should be returned here in this Player component of course should be this markup, which we're currently repeating. Hence, we can cut this here from App.jsx and move that here into our Player component like this. But we, of course, now have to make this component configurable so that we don't always say Player 1 and X. Therefore we want to use props here as you learned. And we could accept a name prop here and a symbol prop here. Because these are the two pieces of data that in the end make up a player. And with that here we can output the player name and below that, the symbol. Now, with that, we can go back to the App component and delete this second markup block here and instead import our Player component from ./components and then there Player.jsx. And then here in this order of list, we can and should output the Player component like this. We can write it as a self-closing component because currently it's not built such that we could pass any data between the component opening and closing tags. We're not using the special children prop in the Player component. So therefore, here we can use it as a self-closing component. And then just set the name prop and set this to Player 1 here for the moment and the symbol prop and set this to X. And now we can repeat this and use the symbol O and Player 2 here. Now with that, we of course got the same output as before and it's still static. This button still doesn't do anything but we improved our code and we're now finally ready to make this added button here work.