So let's now make this edit button work and making it work of course here means that when it's pressed, I wanna show an input field that allows the user to update this name. I essentially wanna replace this name output here with this input field, which then only disappears again once the changes are confirmed by the website user. So in the end, the edit button also should change whilst editing. So whilst showing this input field and it should say save whilst the input field is visible. Now therefore of course, will need to manage some state here because we want to manage some data that in the end, should cause the UI to update when changed. Therefore, of course, as you learned, we can and should import useState from the React library like this, to create such a state value and get access to a function that allows us to update that value. And that allows us to tell React to update the UI. And for that we call useState like this. As you learned, we can set an initial value and we'll get back an array with exactly two elements. And therefore here I'll use array destructuring to store these two elements in separate constants. Now I'll name my first constant here Is Editing and my second constant Set Is Editing because I plan to store the information whether we currently are editing the player or not in this state. Therefore, the goal is to manage a Boolean value, true or false, in this state. And I'll set this to an initial value of false so that initially we're not editing the player and we're not showing an input field. But now with that, here's a little exercise for you. Build up on this state here, no pun intended, and make sure that this button here triggers a function which sets is editing to true. And then make sure that you only show this player name span if this editing is false. And you instead show an input field, which does not have to work. Just show an input field if his editing is true. That's a little exercise for you. Here's a short pause for you to pause the video and try this on your own. Thereafter, we'll implement this together. So did you succeed? Let's now add this functionality together. And I'll start by adding a new function, a function inside of this component function because it is a function that will use this set is editing state updating function provided by React and therefore this function must be provided in this function so that it has access to set is editing. And I'll name this function here, handle edit click, for example, the name is up to you. But I'm following this convention which I mentioned earlier in the course where I start with handle to make it clear that this is a function that will be triggered upon some event in the end and then edit click since that's near what this button is all about. Now we can assign this function to this button by adding the on click prop, which is built into this built in button component. And here the value for this on click prop is the handle added click function like this. And as you learned before, you must not execute the function here. So adding parentheses like this is wrong. Instead you just use the function name so that you pass this function as a value to the on click prop on this button so that it can eventually be executed by React in the future. Now with that inside of handle edit click, we wanna call this state updating function provided by useState. So here I wanna call set is editing and pass the new state value as a value to set is editing. So here we'll set this to true. Initially it's false. Now we're setting it to true when this button here is clicked. Now with that, we're updating the state and as you learned, calling this state updating function will then also cause React to re-execute this player component function and it will cause React to reevaluate this JSX code and see if anything changed. And if anything did change, those changes will be reflected to the real DOM and other component functions. Namely, this app component function here will not be affected, if some child component like this player component changes, the app component, which is a parent component to the player component does not care about that. So with that, we got this component function to re-execute. But of course at the moment nothing will change here in the UI because we're not using this is editing state to output different JSX code. And that is what should change now because this name here, as mentioned before, should only be shown if is editing is false. If it's true, I wanna show an input field instead. So we wanna output this content here and this to be added input conditionally. Now you did learn that there are different ways of achieving this. For example, with a expression. Here, I'll go for an extra variable, which I'll name player name. And this is either this spans, I'll cut this and store this in player name. As you learnt before, you can store JSX code as a value in variables but it's a different value if is editing is true. And for that and JavaScript we can check if it's true like this. But this is kind of redundant because in JavaScript we can use this shortcut and just check if it is editing and this will automatically check if this is truthy. So if it's true, and if it is true, then player name should store a different value to be precise. Then I want to have an input element as a value for player name. And this input will be of type text because we will input some text in there, it should be required like this. And I'll add more attributes a little bit later. For the moment, that's it. And now of course the player name variable should be output down there like this. And with that we're either outputting this span or if is editing is true, this input. And with that, this component here, this player component is now interactive and allows us to click this added button. And if I save this, you'll see that if I click added here indeed the name disappears, then we get the input. Of course, at the moment, there's no way to save this then. And it also would be nice to pre-populate this input with the current player name. But these are all features we're going to add. The first step simply was to add this interactivity in general.