So now that we can show this input field, when we click edit, the next goal is to populate this input field with the current player name and to get rid of that input field and show the player name again once we click edit again. And this edit button also should say save if we're currently editing. So a couple of changes that should be made to the code, and we can start with this button caption. To get this button to either say edit or save, depending on whether we are editing or not, we must replace this hard coded value here with a dynamic value, with help of these opening and closing curly braces. And then, in here, we, in the end, also wanna output some conditional content, either the word edit or the word save, depending on the isEditing state. Therefore, we could again create a variable here, btnCaption, where we maybe say edit as a default, and which we change to save if we are editing. And then we could use this btnCaption here, or we create ternary expression down there where we check isEditing, and if it's truthy, so if it's true, we say save because if we are editing, the button should say save to save the changes. And otherwise, if we are not editing, we say edit. Both approaches work, and to show you both, I'll go for the ternary expression here. So with that, if we save this, this button says save, and otherwise it says edit if we aren't editing. So the next step now is to pre-populate this input field with the current player name. And for that, on this input which we are creating here, we can set the value Prop. The value Prop allows us to, well, set the value that's shown in this input field. So therefore, here, of course, we wanna set the value Prop to a dynamic value because the name that should be shown here is different for every instance of this player component. It is one of those Props, after all. So here we want to use that name Prop to show that name as a value in that input. And with that, if we save this, if I click edit, you see now this is pre-populated with player and we got some nice styling here due to that CSS file I provided to you. Now, of course, the last step for the moment, before we then make sure that we can actually change that name, and such changes are picked up, because at the moment you will see that you can't even change it. But before we'll do that, I wanna make sure that clicking this button, when it says save, closes this input or gets rid of the input and goes back to just outputting the name. And for that, we, of course, want to make this handleEditClick function here a bit more flexible. At the moment in there, we are always setting the isEditing state to true. And of course that's not entirely correct. Instead, we essentially wanna set the isEditing state to the opposite of what it currently is. So if isEditing is true, we wanna set it to false and vice versa. Now, we could achieve this by passing the following value to setIsEditing. We could check isEditing with a ternary expression, and if it's truthy, if it's true, we wanna pass false as a value to setIsEditing, otherwise we want to pass true. This would be one way of making sure that we switch the value that is passed to setIsEditing. And if you save this, you would indeed see that now, we can open and close this input mode, so to say. But this solution here has a couple of flaws, actually. Now the first flaw is that it's unnecessarily complex, because in JavaScript, if you have a Boolean value and you want to get the opposite of that value, you can do that in a shorter way. You can simply add an exclamation mark in front of it, and this will basically invert the value. So this will turn true to false and false to true, because we're getting the opposite of the value we currently have. So, that's better, and it would achieve the same result, but it's still not perfect.