So now that we're able to start editing and stop editing, and that we got this player name inserted here, it would now be nice if we could also edit this player name. Because at the moment, if you try to edit it, you'll see that it actually does not work. And it does not work because we are setting that value prop on the input element. And the special thing about that value prop is that it sets the value that's shown in the input. And if we try to edit this value, we can't do that, because this value which is set here, basically overwrites any changes we're trying to do. Now, one way around this problem would be to set the special default value prop, which just sets an initial value instead of enforcing a value thereafter. With that set, you'll see that if I reload, I still got that name here, but now I can edit it. So that's better, but of course when I click Save, it's not actually being saved. Instead, we switch back to Player 1. And therefore, I'll actually go back to just value here, because I wanna use a different approach anyways. Because we don't just wanna set the value here, instead, we also wanna get the changes the user tries to apply to that value so that we can save this updated player name somewhere in this component, so that we can output the updated player name here whenever it changes. So essentially, we'll need a second piece of state here, and that is absolutely something you can do in React. You can use useState more than once in the same component if you got different pieces of state you want to manage. So here, in this case for example, the initial value for this state could be this name, which we're getting through the name prop, though we might wanna rename it to initialName. And we can use this initialName prop here as an initial value for this state. And then again, we can use the structuring to get our playerName and a setPlayerName function. As always, these constant names here are up to you, but they should, of course, describe what this state is all about. Now, with that, we wanna use this player name state here as a dynamic value here, and also here for this value. And since I now have a name clash between this constant and this variable here, I'll simply rename this variable here to editablePlayerName, for example, or something like this. And extend this editable player name, that's all the output down there. So now with that, we got this playerName state, and we got this initialName prop, and therefore in the app component, we of course now should change the prop name here as well to initialName for both instances of this player component. And in the player component, we now of course also wanna update this state. And I wanna update this state whenever we type into this input field. Now, for this, we'll again need a function that should be triggered upon some event. And I'll name this function handleChange because it's actually the change event to which I wanna listen. This is an official event which is emitted by this input field here, which will, in the end, be triggered whenever the user enters a character into this input field, or pastes a value into this input field, or anything like that. And we can listen to this event by setting the onChange prop here on this input field. And the value for this prop is now the handleChange function. So this new function here. Now, in this handleChange function, we then wanna call setPlayerName to set that state, to that new name that was entered by the user. And now we just need to find out which value was entered by the user. And here, it's really important to understand that onChange will trigger for every keystroke, and it will provide us with an event object that contains the value that was entered by the user. So for example, the value of the key that was hit by the user. So here we can accept this event object as an event parameter. This name is up to you. But it will be an object describing the event that was emitted. And we'll get this value here automatically because we're passing a pointer at the handleChange function to the onChange prop on this input element. And React will therefore call the handleChange function when that change event occurs. And React will give us such an event object as an argument for this function when it calls this function. So we'll get this here automatically. And this event object, of course, can be locked so that we can take a look at it. But it will have a target property, which will refer to the element that did emit the event. So to this input element here. And this input element, turns out to have a value property, which will hold the value the user tried to enter before it's then again overwritten by the value set through that value prop. So that's how we get access to the value the user wanted to enter. And we're now setting this value as a new state for player name. And since we're then feeding player name back into the value prop of the input element, that entered value will now also be reflected in this input element. Because we're now updating that value that's displayed based on the value the user wanted to have. So with all of that, I'll get rid of the console lock because I don't really wanna look into this event object, but you can of course do that. But with all of that, if we save all files and reload, you'll see that we still get this initial value. But if I now replace this with MAX, this works, and that's the first new thing. And in addition, if I click Save, this is also saved, because we're now managing this player name as a state. And of course this works for both instances of this player component. And this is therefore an important new concept. This is how you can get access to values entered by a user into an input field with help of onChange, and managing a separate piece of state, and how you can make sure that this updated value is then reflected back into this input field and also in other parts of the application if needed. By the way, this way of listening to a change on the input and then feeding that updated value back into this input is also called two-way binding, because we're getting a value out of this input and we're feeding a value back into this input. But that's just a side note. If you hear people talk about two-way binding, that's what they mean.