So now that we're able to edit those names here, this player functionality is finished for the moment and we can therefore move on to the next building block, which is the game board. And here the goal is to output such a typical tic-tac-toe game board. So a three-by-three grid in the end. And of course that should be a grid populated with buttons that can be clicked so that we can then also play the actual game. Therefore, here, I'll start by adding a new component, the GameBoard component in a GameBoard.jsx file. And in this component, I want to output such a grid. So therefore here, I'll output an ordered list. Could also be an unordered list. Not too important here, but I guess theoretically the order matters. And I'll give that list an ID of game-board, again for styling reasons. And then in there, we want to have three rows. And then in those rows, we want to have three columns. So a nested ordered list in every list item, that's kind of the structure we want to have. But I don't want to hard code this entire board, not just because that would be annoying, but also because eventually, this board needs to update dynamically. When we click on one of these squares in the board, we want to populate it with the symbol of the player that clicked the square after all. So ultimately, this should be a dynamically-derived board and that's why I'll not hard code it here. Instead, for the moment here, we can simply add a constant outside of the component function, because it's not some state or anything like that, just a constant that allows me to outsource and store a value. And I'll name it initialGameBoard. And this should be an array full of arrays because we need a grid. So an array populated with three arrays where every array should hold three values. And the idea here is, in the end, to have a game board where some squares are empty, which could be represented by the value null, and some squares might be populated with an X or an O, depending on which player clicked that square, so that we store the current state of the game in a multi-dimensional array like this. Now initially, of course, all these squares are empty so it's an array full of arrays, full of nulls. But we can now use this initial game board here to dynamically output it and dynamically render those grid items. And we can again do this by using the map method, as you learned before in this course. Now the map method, as you learned, takes a function as an input, a function that will be called automatically for every item in that array. So in the end here for every nested array because these three nested arrays are the items in this outer array. And therefore here, we'll get our row in the end, let's say, if these are our three rows. And for every row, we want to output a list item. And every list item, as you learned, needs a key, a key so that it can be identified in a unique way. Now here we don't really have a great unique key for these different arrays in the array and therefore here, I'll simply use the second argument that you can use here in this function you pass to map, which will simply be the current index of the item for which this function is executed. And I'll use this index, which I here named rowIndex, as a value for the key. In most cases, you want to avoid using this index here, because this is not strictly tied to this value here. Because if this row here would swap place with the next row, technically this row would now have the index zero, even though this row had the index zero before. So the index is not tied to the data but to the position of the data. But here in this use case, that's no problem. Also because we're not going to swap any rows and therefore using the index here is fine. But now inside of that list item, I want to have another list, another ordered list let's say, where I want to output these values inside of these inner arrays because we need a grid. And at the moment, in the end, we just have a couple of rows here. So in this ordered list here, we again want to output something dynamically, and that something is that row, because that's this inner array, three times this inner array. So here we want to go through the items in this inner array, again with map, to get our columns in the end and their index. So to get these null values and their indexes in the end. And then for every inner value in this inner array, we again want to output a list item where the key is set to colIndex. Like this. And in that list item, we now finally then want to have a button that can be clicked. And here I got a tiny error which must be fixed. This closing parentheses belongs here. But now here between these button tags, I want to output either an X if this button was clicked by the user who has the symbol X, or an O if it was the user with the symbol O, or nothing if the button was not clicked yet. And therefore this will be my initial state, that I have no value between those button tags here. To be precise, the dynamic value I want to output here is my col. So this value here, which initially is null, and if we output null, nothing will be visible on the screen. And here I need an extra pair of parentheses around these two parameters for this to work. And since col for column here is not an ideal name, I'll rename this col parameter to playerSymbol, also here so that it's clear that it will be the playerSymbol that will be shown between these button tags. But with that, I'm now outputting this grid here dynamically. Of course, at the moment, there's no way of changing it. We don't really do anything if these buttons get clicked and we never update this game board, but we're outputting this grid and we can therefore now go back to the app component and here import this GameBoard component from ./components/GameBoard.jsx and replace this placeholder here with that GameBoard component, which at the moment doesn't receive any props and can therefore be used like this. With that, if you save that, you should see this grid on the screen here and you see that we got some buttons here. You can tell by the cursor. But of course, clicking these buttons doesn't do anything yet. But we got this grid now and we can therefore now start working on that game logic.