So now that we got this game turns state which we are updating here, let's use this state to derive the gameboard from that array of turns. And for that here on the Gameboard component, we could pass a new turns prop to it. Name of course is up to you. And pass our game turns array as a value for this prop to Gameboard. And now in the Gameboard component, we can and should expect this turns array here. This turns prop, which will be that array of turns data. And now we need to add some logic here to this gameboard component function to derive our gameboard which still should be such an array full of arrays. So such a multi-dimensional array from this turns array. So we need to transform this turns array into such an array. And this sounds more complex than it is actually because we can start quite simple. We can add a variable here called Gameboard because we'll need that variable anyways. We are looking for it down here after all. And this Gameboard variable initially is simply our initial gameboard because that initial structure does not change. But then we wanna overwrite this variable with data derived from our turns, if we have turns. On the other hand, if turns is an MTRA, we of course wanna leave the game board as it is. Well for that to achieve this, we can simply add a for loop here where we loop through our turns with a for of loop like this for turns of turns. And if turns is an empty array this loop simply won't execute without us doing anything. That's simply how JavaScript behaves. And in that loop we wanna extract the information about the turn that occurred from that object that we're storing in this turns array. Every turn in that turns array will be an object of this shape. So an object that has a square property which then holds some nested object as a value and a player property which holds the symbol of the active player as a value. So here in GameBoard, we can now destructure our turn to pull these two properties, square and player, so square and player, these two properties to pull them out of the turn. We're currently looking at in this iteration of this loop, simply with this syntax here. Now a square as just mentioned is then such a nested object where we have a row and a col property. So we can pull this information out of this object as well. So here we got row and col from square. So we are performing object destructuring twice here. But with that we then got the player symbol and the row and column that was selected by that player. And therefore now of course we can go to our game board here and update the row and column with the player symbol. And that's all. We don't need to manage any state here. Instead what we're doing here is called deriving state. We are producing some derived state, some computed value you could say, Gameboard is a computed value that is derived from some state. In this case, from the game turns state that is managed in the app component. We are deriving the gameboard from that state. And this is how you should think and work in React. You should manage as little state as needed and try to derive as much information and as many values as possible from that state. And so with that, if we save everything here, if we reload our app here and we click a button, we see nothing. The game board disappears. And if we open the developer tools, we'll see an error here, cannot set properties of undefined. It occurs in the game board in line 14 as it seems. So this line here is failing, but why is it failing? Well, let's take a step back. We're deriving our game board based on the game turns. So let's take a look at those game turns. The game turns state is updated here and there we are storing information about the selected row with row index and call index. Which is data we're getting here as input to the handle select square function. But where is this handle select square function called? Well it's passed as a value through the on select square prop to Gameboard. And there this prop is in the end set as a value on On Click. But on click does not give us this row and call index data. And that's the problem here. To make sure that we get this information about which button in which row and which column was clicked, we should again use this approach here where we create an anonymous function that we pass to on click so that we got full control over how On Select Square will be executed. So how handle select square in the end will be executed. And here we can now pass our row index and our col index as arguments to this function and therefore in the end to this function since that's the value for this on select square prop. And with that we're making sure that this data arrives here and is stored here. And with that, if we now reload, we can click these buttons and now the game board updates we can still click the same button multiple times but we'll fix this soon. But now we're updating this game state based on this game turns state by having this computed value here, this derived state in the game board component. And now we can of course also use this game turn state to output it in our log. And that's definitely a nice practice for you to pass this stage to the log and output it as a list there. We will do it together in the next lecture.