So, did you succeed? Let's implement this together now. And for this, I'll start in the Log component. There, we will definitely need some props to get those gameTurns from inside the App component into this Log component. So here, we could expect to get a turns prop. And then, in here, I, in the end, want to map this turns prop to a list of list items in this ordered list. So therefore, here, I'll get my turn data. And this turn data will be mapped to a list item, where I want to say which player selected which field with the coordinates of that field. So the row and columnIndex. Now, both pieces of data are stored in this turn here. Because every turn, as you saw before, has this square and this player information. The player information is just the symbol, but that's good enough for the Log here. So therefore, here, we can say turn.player, which is the symbol. Selected. And then, here, I want to output turn.square.row. So this rowIndex number. And of course, also the column. Maybe separated by a comma, which is no special JavaScript character here, but simply a comma that will be output on the screen. And then, here, we can say turn.square.col. And of course, we should add a key here because you should always do that when outputting a dynamic list. And the key here could be the combination of row and column because that will be unique for every turn because a given row-column combination can only be selected once. I guess, at the moment, you can click the same field multiple times, but that will change soon. So this row-column combination can be used to uniquely identify an entry in our log. So therefore, here, I'll create a string with backticks here to use JavaScript's template literal syntax. So this is not a single quote but a backtick. And this template literal syntax can be used in JavaScript to create a string where you can easily inject values into that string with this syntax. And that's now JavaScript syntax, not React. Dollar sign, opening and closing curly brace can be used in conjunction with those backticks to dynamically construct a string. And the first value I want to inject into this string is turn.square.row. The second value, thereafter, is turn.square.col. So that overall, this is a string that will simply be the combination of row and columnIndex, created with this template literal syntax provided by JavaScript. And attached, you'll find a link to learn more about this syntax in case you never heard about it. And then here's the actual log message, which I want to show. And with that, we just need to make sure that this turns prop is set here. So in the App component, on the Log component, we should add the turns prop and pass our gameTurns state snapshot as a value through that prop to that component. And with that, if you save everything again and you reload, if you click a button, you see a log message appear down there. And you see a new log message is added for every square that I select here. And that's how we can output this log data here and how we're now using a single piece of state, this gameTurns state, to update two different parts of the UI.