So let's now make sure that we can't click the same button multiple times because that's really not helpful. It also makes our log explode. And of course, it's not really how this game should work. Now, how can we make sure that the same button can't be clicked multiple times? Well, we can simply go to the GameBoard component and in there, it would make sense to disable the button once it has been selected. So here on this button component, we can add the disabled prop because that is supported on the built-in button component, just as the button element in HTML has a disabled attribute which you can set. And if we would just add it like this, it would automatically be set to true and the button would be disabled. And as a result, if we save that and reload, no button can be clicked. Nothing happens if I try that, but, of course, now I wanna set this dynamically. I wanna set it to true if this button was already selected by a player and set it to false otherwise if it should still be enabled. So what could be our condition here to derive whether this should be disabled or not dynamically? Well, in the end, it's this player symbol. If player symbol is an X or O that means that this button has already been clicked and that it should be disabled. If it's null, on the other hand, we know that it's still enabled. So we can simply check if player symbol is not equal to null. Because if it is not equal to null, we know that it's either an X or an O so that it has been picked already. And therefore this will yield true if this button has been selected already. And the button will therefore then be disabled if that's the case. If player symbol is equal to null, so if this condition here is not met, this will yield false and the button will not be disabled. And with that, if I reload, you see I can click this button, I can click this button but if I click this button again, you see now the highlighted player does not change. The log also does not change if I click the same button multiple times. And therefore now we're making sure that every button can only be clicked once.