So now that the buttons work correctly, it's finally time to check for whether a player won. For example, here, the player with the symbol O would've won. And as so often there will be different ways of determining whether a player won. But one way to find out whether a player won is to simply check for all possible winning combinations that you could achieve here and see if any of those combinations is met. And we wanna do that on every turn, of course, because every turn the game could be over. I guess technically not during the first couple of turns but to keep things simple, we can simply check it on every turn. But where should we add our check and how should that check look like? Well, a good place is the app component again, because I soon want to show some game over screen on top of this game board. And therefore I need the information whether the game is over here in this component. Hence, I'll start by adding a little helper constant outside of the component function where I wanna hard code all my possible winning combinations. And this will be an array of arrays where I describe all these different possible winning combinations. So every array inside of this array is one possible combination. And every combination, of course, consists of three different selected fields. For example, here, this here would be one winning combination that the first field in the first row is selected and the second field in the first row, and the third field in the first row, but also the first field in the first column, the first field in the second column and the first field in the third column. So that's what I want to describe as a winning combination now, and we can do this here in this array that represents the first winning combination by adding an object as a first element in there with row zero, col zero. And with that I simply mean that if the first row and the first column is selected, this field here is selected because that's where the first row and column intersect. So that's what row zero, col zero means. So that's the first element of this first winning combination. The next element is that we have the first row and I'm using zero for the first row and column because in JavaScript, indexes start at zero. But the next element of this first winning combination is that we have the first row but now the second column with index one. So now it's still this row, but this column, so this element, and before we selected this element. So now we already got two elements next to each other. And of course you can probably already guess that the next element will be this one here, this last element in the first row. So this one is the second element. The last element is first row, but last column. So the third column. And now it turns out that there are a bunch of possible winning combinations, and therefore attached you find a file called winning combinations.js. You find this file attached and in that file if you open it, you'll find this exported array. So you can simply download that file or create it in your project and paste the content of that attached file into your winning combinations JS file so that you got all these winning combinations here. And with that file added, you can go back to the app JSX file and there simply import winning combinations like this, from ./winningcombinations.JS like this.