So now to complete this app, let's add a last new component, a GameOver component which should be shown if, well, the game is over. And the idea here is simply to have a nice screen that shows us who won and also to show a button that allows us to restart the game. So for that here I'll again export this GameOver component function, and then in there we can return a div, let's say, with an ID of game-over, which I add for styling purposes again. And in there we can add a H2 element where we say game over. And then here I expect to get the symbol or name of the winner as a prop so that we can output it here, and it's of course also possible that we'll have a draw. So we'll have to check for that as well in our app component. But for a start, let's simply output the name of the winner by adding a paragraph here where we simply say winner won. And below that I'll add another paragraph which contains a button, which should allow us to restart the game, and we'll add the logic for this later. So now with this basic GameOver component added back in the app component, we should use this GameOver component here if we have a winner and therefore here we can import GameOver from dot slash components GameOver.jsx. And use this component down here if we have a winner. And of course now we need to pass the name or symbol of the winner through that winner prop to the GameOver component, and at the moment we only have the symbol in this winner variable, so that's what I'm going to pass here. Now with that, if I reload, if I win here, I got this game over screen. Of course this button here doesn't work but we got the screen. But a problem we'll face is that at the moment we of course also can end up with a draw, like this. And in that case, I of course also want to get the game over screen. So we should adjust our logic here in the app component where we derive the winner and also handle the case that we got a draw. So the question, of course, is how do we know that we have a draw? Well, we're checking all the winning combinations here. So we'll definitely know if we have a winner and we'll have a draw if we populated all fields. And we know that we'll always have exactly nine fields. So therefore, of course, we also know that we'll have at most nine game turns. I mean you can see that in the log. We have nine entries here. So we know that we have a draw, maybe here after deriving a winner, if we don't have a winner but we have nine turns in that game. So we could add a constant that's named hasDraw, which should be true if gameTurns.length is equal to nine. So if we had nine turns in that game and not winner. So we had all the turns we can possibly have but we don't have a winner. In that case, we have a draw, and we can now use this hasDraw constant down here to show the game over screen if we have a winner or hasDraw is truthy, and we should wrap this here with parentheses to make sure that this is checked first. So if we have a winner or hasDraw is true, the GameOver component will be displayed, and inside of the GameOver component here we now know that winner will not always be set because it's possible that this GameOver component is shown because we have a draw, not because we have a winner. So winner might be undefined, and therefore in here we only wanna render this paragraph if winner is set, and on the other hand, if not winner. So if winner is not set, if it's undefined, we wanna render a paragraph where we say it's a draw. And here this project set up complaints about this single quote even though it would technically be correct, but to get rid of this warning here I'll actually use this code here to replace this quote. But with that, if we save this, now I got this it's a draw screen. If on the other hand I won, like this, I get game over X won. And if on the other hand I try to go for a draw again, like this, I get it's a draw. So that's now better, but of course this rematch button now also should work.