So at this point we are pretty much done with that game. There's just one thing that would be nice to have. If we win here, we're currently saying "X won" or "O won." And that's, of course, okay and we know what's meant by that, but it would be nicer if instead we would be showing the name of the player who won, so Player One or Player Two, or if we edit this name, the edited name, of course. Now this, of course, means that we need information about the player names in the app component, because that is where we are deriving the winner. And at the moment the player name information is stored inside of the player component. That's where we're editing and storing the player name. And we're not sharing this name with any other part of the application. So, hence, we need to make sure that we get those player names out of the player component, into the app component. Now you could think that you wanna lift the state up again. Maybe this player name state that you wanna lift it out of this player component into the app component. But that would be wrong. It would be wrong because this player name state here is actually used to update this input field on every keystroke. And if we would move it out of the player component that would mean that the entire app component is reevaluated on every keystroke, which also means that the entire game board is reevaluated on every keystroke. And that's really redundant and not what we want to do. In addition, lifting this player name state out of the player component also, of course, would be tricky because we're using this player component twice and every component should manage its own name. So, therefore, the player component should actually stay the way it is. Here, instead, I simply want to add a new state to my app component here, with useState, where I store the currently set player names. And this state here could be an array with the two names, like Player One and Player Two initially. But since these player names are tightly coupled to their symbols, I think it makes more sense to use an object here as a map, so to say, where we have the key X and the value for that key is Player One and the key O for the second player and that's Player Two. And then, of course, we can and should destructure this array we get back from useState. And here we got our players and a set players state updating function. Now set players should be called whenever we click this save button in the player component. Not on every keystroke, but only when we save a change to the player name. So, therefore, of course, in this app component function, we should add a new function maybe here, which could be named handlePlayerNameChange, because that's, in the end, what we wanna React to. And here I expect to get the symbol of the player for whom the name changed and the new name as arguments. And then we can call setPlayers. So this state updating function of this newly added state, which has this shape. And I wanna update my state based on my old state, because, of course, only one name of one player changes here and I don't wanna lose the name and information for the other player. Therefore, in the end here, I get my previous players and I'll return a new object, which will be my new player's state, where I'll spread my old player's object into, so that I start by again setting both the X and O property to the respective old player names. But I will then overwrite one of these two properties. The property which I get here, with help of that symbol parameter. We can do this by using this JavaScript syntax where we dynamically set a property with this square bracket syntax here, so that's standard JavaScript, not React specific. And we set this property, which is either X or Y, depending on what's stored in symbol, to the new name. So I use this approach to ensure that I keep the name and symbol of the player that's not changing and I'm then just overriding the name for the symbol of the player that was changed. So that's how we could update the player's data.