Now, before we'll take a look at any solutions, let's explore the problem, because as a React developer you are typically going to build applications that consist of multiple Components. And the more complex your React app is the more Components you will typically use. And those Components, as you learned, are, of course, structured in such a component tree where, for example, the app component might render a Shop and Header component and that those Components then have other child Components and other nested Components. In most apps, you'll not just have, Components though, but you'll also need to manage some state. For example, some shopping Cart State if you are building some online shop website. And in many cases that's state will need to be lifted up because, for example, it might be used and displayed in one component in one place of that component tree, but it then might be updated in a totally different component in a different place in that component tree. And therefore, as you learned and as you saw in this course already, you often need to manage the state at some component that has access to all Components that need that state. And you then need to share it through props and also update it with help of props. Props that take functions which ultimately will edit the state. That's what you learned and that's what we saw in many demo projects. For example, also in that bigger demo project we explored in the previous section. And as you can see on this chart here already, and as you saw in the code of that demo project in the last section, this often means that you need to pass that shared data through multiple layers of Components. And that is something that's called prop drilling. You are passing props through multiple Components, even though most Components don't directly need that data. They just pass it on to some child component. And that can be a problem because this for one makes your Components a bit less reusable because they always must be used in a place where they can get that shared data. And it also means that you have to write a lot of extra boilerplate code because you need to accept and destructure a prop in a component and then forward it to a component just to then maybe repeat that entire process. And therefore, in this course section, we'll take a look at a couple of possible solutions for this problem. Now, for this course section here, I prepared another brand new project. So you can also follow along if you did not go through that previous course section where we built another demo project and where whilst building that project we experienced this prop drilling problem and how annoying it can be. Here for this section, you got a brand new project so that you can follow along either way. And in that project we basically got a little online shop with a shopping cart where we can add products to the cart and we can then view the cart. And in the cart we can also edit the cart and update it and also remove products if you want to. And then click checkout, which will just close the cart though. So this is not a full online shop, it's just this shop with the cart functionality. But for this shop, for this project here we're already using a couple of Components, which you find in that starting project, which you, of course, find attached both as a local and a CodeSandbox version. And here in this project you'll essentially see that component structure I also showed you on the slide before. It's essentially the same structure in this demo project I prepared for you. And there in this demo project I'm also managing my shopping cart state in the App component because it's the App component that has access to all the Components that needs to interact with that shopping cart state. Therefore, it's also in the app component where I got my state updating logic to update the quantity of items in the cart or add items to the cart for the first time or remove items from the cart. And then I'm using the Header and the Shop component here in the App component, and I'm forwarding the cart data and also functions for adding items and updating the cart quantity of that cart to the Header and the Shop Components. And then those Components, for example, forward that data. The Header component, for example, forwards the cart items to the CartModal component which needs that items to display them. And it's pretty similar in the Shop component. There I also get that card updating function, but I'm just forwarding it to my products here, which are being output in a list. I'm not using that updating function here in the Shop component itself. I'm just forwarding it. And that's that prop drilling I mentioned. And now we're going to take a look at some solutions for that problem.