Now one possible solution for this drilling problem is to embrace component composition. And I will say right away that this can be part of the overall solution, that this can solve prop drilling in certain situations, but that in most cases, you'll also need that second solution we'll take a look at later. But for now, let's explore this possible solution here. And to explore this concept of component composition, here in this project I prepared for you in the shop component, we could say that outputting that list of products here could be moved from the shop component directly to the app component. Which would then have the advantage that this pointer at this handleAddItemToCart function would not have to be passed to the shop component but could directly be passed to the products. Now, I don't want to delete the shop component. Instead, I want to embrace component composition by refactoring this shop component to a wrapper around a list of products. And to show you what I mean, let's grab this code here where I'm mapping through my dummy products to render these list items. And let's cut it from the shop component and instead go to the app component. And then there, actually change this shop component from a self-closing component to a component that has a opening and closing tag. And move that code to output that list here into the app component between the opening and closing tags of the shop component. Now if you make that change, you also have to import those dummy products from the dummy products JS file into the app component. But thankfully I'm already doing that here. We can remove that import from the shop JSX file though, and we can now also remove the product component import from that shop component file and instead import that component here in the app JSX file. So import that product component from ./components/Product.jsx. And with that import added here, we can now output that list of products down here. Now we of course just have to make sure that we now pass the right function to this onAddToCart prop. This product component is expecting. And the function we wanna pass here is this handleAddItemToCart function here. So we can now copy that and use that as a value for onAddToCart. And with that, we still have the shop component as a wrapper but we have the logic for outputting the products and the usage of that product component in the app component now. Which now means that we no longer have to pass a pointer at this handleAddItemToCart function here to the shop component. Instead there we can now get rid of this prop because in the shop component, it's not needed anymore. We can also get rid of it here because we no longer render the products in here. Instead, what we should now do in the shop component is that we should accept this special children prop you learned about, so that we can use this custom component as a wrapper with opening and closing tags around this product list. So that we output our children here in this unordered list. And with that, we're embracing component composition, and we're using the shop component around the wrapper of that list of products. And we therefore kind of got rid of one layer of component nesting, and we're instead outputting the list of products here. And therefore, now if I save that and I reload my app here, I can still add items to my cart and I can still view and edit that cart. But now we at least got rid of parts of that prop drilling problem. Though, and that's the downside of this solution, you typically don't want to use this solution for all your component layers. Because it would mean that in the end, all your components just end up in the app component and all the other components are just wrapper components. Which you could do, but which would of course lead to a pretty bloated app component. And that's why we're now also going to explore another possible solution.