So let's add some context to this demo app here, to this demo shop. And for that I'll start by adding a new folder in my src folder and I'll name that folder store. Now this is not required, this is not a technical requirement, this is just a convention which you'll see in many React apps, that those context values are stored in files that are stored in a folder called store, because it's your data and state store for the entire application or for multiple components at least. That's the idea behind this name, but the name is up to you, it's not set in stone. Now in that store folder, I'll create a new file now and I'll name that file shopping-cart-context.jsx. Though of course this file name also is totally up to you. You could also just name it shopping-cart without -context or anything you want. But here I'll name it -context to make it very clear that in this file I'll be managing some React context value. Now you can now create such a context value by importing a function from React. And that function that must be imported is called createContext. As a next step, you then call this function and it will then create such a context value for you, and you can then store that value in any variable or constant of your choice, for example, a constant called CartContext. Now the name is up to you, but I'm deliberately starting with an uppercase character, an uppercase C here, because this value that is produced by createContext will actually be an object that contains a React component which we'll need later. So I'll store this context in this constant. And as a next step, you can also pass a value to createContext that will be used as an initial value that can be provided to multiple components in your React app, to all the components that will be wrapped by this context. And I'll show you how to wrap this context around components and how to provide it to those components soon. Now, the value that will be provided to components via this context feature can be any value you want. It can be a number, it can be a string, and it can also be an object or array of course. And here I'll go for an object and I'll go for an object that has a items property, which initially will be an empty array and that will later store my shopping cart items. So that's the first thing I'll add here. And I'm using an object that contains this property instead of just passing an array as a value, which we could also do because I will soon add more to this context object. But with that we got the context set up. The next step now is to provide it to this application and to our components. We need to provide this context to our application and we need to wrap it around parts of that application, parts of our component tree, so to say, so that those wrapped components can access this value which we're providing here. And you do provide your context by first of all, exporting it so that we can use it outside of this file because we need to use it outside of this file. And then as a next step, you should go to a component that contains all the other components that will need to use this context. For example here, our app component. There we got all these components here, the header and the shop, and the product component. And it's for example, the product component that will later need to change the value that's stored in our context because it needs to update that items array. And it's some nested component in the header component, to be precise, it's the CartComponent there that will need to read the items to output them, and it then also needs to update them. So therefore the app component is a great place to wrap header and shop with our context so that those components or their child components can use that context. And therefore I'll start by importing this CartContext, which we just created from this store folder, and there the shopping-cart-context.jsx file. So now with that imported here, we can use that as a wrapper around header and shop. And that's why I chose a name that starts with an uppercase character because we're now going to use this context as a component. We'll wrap it around the content that should be able to access this context. Now it's worth noting here that using the context as a component like this will work if you are using React 19 or higher, but will not work with older versions of React. Instead there when using older versions of React, you would have to access a nested provider property on that CartContext object. And this also still works with React 19 by the way. So you can use this approach even if you are using React 19, but you need to use it if you're using an older version. And that's why I will use this notation, this code here in this course, so that you can follow along and get something out of the course no matter on which kind of projects and with which React versions you might work in the future. Now, this of course is a notation that you might have never seen before, having a component name that contains a . like this. But in the end, what we're doing here is we're simply accessing a nested property on the CartContext object. And that property turns out to hold a React component and therefore this overall code can be used like a React component. So it's not just components like header or shop that can be used like components as JSX elements like this, but it's also nested components like this that can be used in JSX. That's just something to keep in mind. So I'll use CartContext.Provider here as a wrapper around header and shop. And it's worth noting of course that this provider property is not a property created by us. Instead, my context value here just has a items property, but there is a difference between the object that's created by createContext, which I'm storing in this CartContext constant here. And my object, which I'm passing as a value to createContext. My value will be accessible through that context, but the context itself, this context object here, is created by React and for example, has this provider component. And with that we're providing that context. The next step now is to consume it in the components that need it, to output some data.