So now that we're providing the context, let's consume it. And we could, for example, consume it in the Cart component, because there I need the Cart items, which is why currently I'm getting them through props, so that those items can be output here or this fallback text here can be shown if we have no items in the cart. Now that we added this context feature and this context we created here has a value that does have an, at the moment, empty items array, we can and should consume this context to get hold of these items. And we'll soon make sure that those items aren't always empty, of course. Now to do that, we must import this CartContext from our store folder and there the shopping-cart-context.jsx file. And then here in this file where we're also importing CartContext, so where we want to access this context, we also have to import something from react and that something is one of two hooks that help us with getting hold of that context. And the first hook we can use is the useContext hook. This hook does what the name implies. You can use it to consume some context or to access some context from inside a component. And you would use this hook by calling it inside of the component function. And by then passing this context object, this CartContext in this case, to it as an argument. And you'll get back a value from useContext, which you can store in a constant or a variable. Here I'll store it in a constant called cartCtx. And that will be the value that is in the end provided by this context and we'll work with that value throughout the next minutes and lectures. But that's just one way of getting hold of the context. There also is another hook you could use instead and that would be the use hook. So it's just called use, nothing else, and you would use it like the useContext hook, essentially. So it's shorter, but besides that, it is used in pretty much the same way. And indeed, it will also give you that context value as a return value and you can therefore then use it as I'm using it here. In this case, I'm storing it in a constant. Now why do we have two hooks for the same purpose? Well, the use hook is a bit more flexible than the useContext hook. Because the use hook, whilst it is a React hook and whilst it can only be used in React components or other hooks, can for example be used inside of an if block. So this code here would be valid when using the use hook. Now normally, you're not allowed to use React hooks in if blocks or for loops. So normally, this would not work, but with the use hook, it will work. So whenever you have a situation like this, you could simply use the use hook to have valid code. If you were using useContext, this would not be allowed. This would be an incorrect way of using a React hook. And of course, useContext is a bit longer than use, so using the use hook simply is a bit more convenient, you could say. But the use hook is only available if you're using React version 19 or higher. In older React versions, like React 18, it's not available. There, you have to use useContext. And therefore, since I want to show you code that is backwards compatible, so that would also work with older React versions and since I don't need to access my context conditionally here, I will use useContext instead of use. And by the way, the useContext hook is also still available if you are using React 19 or higher. So you can use that hook without problems there as well. I just mentioned the use hook so that you are aware of this alternative and of course, you could use it if you are using at least React version 19. But here in this course for backwards compatibility reasons, I'll use the useContext hook instead. And therefore, this value should have a items property because we added a items property here in this initial value. Hence, we cannot use CartContext here and use cart context, or cartCtx, as I named it, .items.length here in this check. And then do the same here for this second check. And then also use cartCtx.items here when we map through these items. So that we're no longer using this prop and we therefore can get rid of that prop and we should get rid of it. And also use cartCtx.items up here therefore where I basically derive the totalPrice from those items. And with that, if we save this, we'll get an empty website. And we can see why it's empty if we open the developer tools because here we learn that we did not add the required value prop to our Context.Provider component. And that's indeed one thing we also have to do here. Even though we're setting a default value here, you also must add a value prop to your CartContext.Provider component. And here I'll set the value prop to an object that also has such an empty items array. So we do need to set that value prop and also provide our context value here. And I'll get back to why this default value here can still be useful, in a couple of seconds. But you need to add this value prop and provide your context value here as well, in this case, as a dynamic kind of hard-coded value at the moment. And if you now save that, you'll see that the website is there again. And if I now open the cart, I get no items in the cart and I got no error here and this now proves that this context feature is working because I'm getting this no items in cart message because at the moment, my context items, of course, always is an empty array. But I'm not getting an error or anything else and therefore, we can clearly see that we are able to read this context value. Now why is setting this default value here useful? Because if you do set this, you get better auto-completion. Here if I type cartCtx., it for example now suggests that I might want to access the items property and I'm getting that because I set that default value. So setting this default context value can make your life as a developer easier. And speaking of making your life easier, we can, of course, also destructure this context object, and for example, pull out the items like this. And we even get auto-completion here if I press Control + Space between these destructuring curly braces and then we could go back to just items.reduce, items.length here and here, and items.map and therefore write less code. But that's how we can now access the context and its value. How can we now link this context to state though?