Now, before we'll use context in more places of this app and get rid of unnecessary props and prop drilling in other parts of the app, I wanna quickly explore another way of accessing and reading context because, of course, you can do that with help of the useContext hook because as you learned, this hook does kind of connect a component function to the context and make that context value available in that function. And I'll also say right away that this hook, the useContext hook is the standard way, the standard approach you should use for getting access to context in a component. But there also is an alternative, which I also wanna introduce you to because you might encounter it in other React projects you might be working on especially if those projects have a slightly older code base because there's a special component you can access on that context object, just as we could access the provider component on that context object. That provider component is required to provide a context value to all interested components. But besides that provider component, this CartContext or any context object also offers another component you could use, the Consumer component. The Consumer component can be used to wrap JSX code that should have access to a context value with it. Now, that Consumer component then needs a special kind of child though, some special kind of content that's passed between its opening and closing tax because what you must pass as content here is actually a function. So output between curly braces, since it's not JSX code, but instead a JavaScript expression, you should pass a function as a child between the opening and closing Consumer component tags. And that function will, under the hood, be executed by React. And that function will then automatically receive the context value which you are consuming here as a parameter. And its then this function that should return the actual JSX code that should be output by that component, so by that cart component here. So this function is essentially an extra wrapper that's required by that Consumer component to make that consumed context available in that component's JSX code. And we could now move this totalPrice calculation into this function, therefore, so that we can calculate the total price based on that consumed cart context. And I would just have to adjust it here and access cardCtx.items also down there in the JSX code. And with that, we could then also get rid of the useContext hook and instead consume and use that context value like this. And this would also work absolutely fine as you see if you preview this application. We can still edit this cart and you still see that the UI gets updated. But of course, this approach is a bit more cumbersome and also harder to read and it's therefore not the default approach you should use. It's just an approach I wanna show you because you might encounter it in other React projects. But here for this project and, of course, I'll actually get rid of this approach here, I'll get rid of that Consumer component and all the code we wrote and I'll go back to using the useContext hook because that should be the default approach you are using for accessing context values because it's cleaner, less code to write, easier to read, and simply the most modern and best practice way of accessing context values. But since you might encounter it out there in other projects, you should also be aware of that Consumer component.