So to now also update this state we now have to edit this a and handle different actions that should lead to different state updates. And to understand this, let's actually start by dispatching an action with help of that second element here, this shoppingCartDispatch element in my case. The idea now simply is that for example here, in handleAddItemToCart instead of having all the state updating logic in there, we just call this this dispatch function, which we got back from use reducer and we then use it to dispatch an action. And an action can be anything you want. It can be a string with some text, it can be a number but in most cases it's an object that has a property like type or identifier inside of it so that you can tell different actions apart from each other and handle them differently inside of your reducer. So here I'll add a type property and I'll set my type here to ADD_ITEM. So this is a string and in there I have this notation, which is just a convention you'll see in many React projects but which is not a must have. You could also have add-item like this or any identifier of your choice. But here I'll go for ADD_ITEM written like this and with that type added here we would be able to identify this action. But this action then also has some data attached to it that will be required to perform the action the idea of the product that should be added to the cart. And therefore I'll also add a second property to this object and this property again, can be named anything you want but often it's called payload but it could also be id or anything else. But I'll go for payload here and my payload here is the id. So this ID, which I'm getting as a parameter here is set as a payload on this action object. And with that action dispatched here we can go back to the Reducer function. And there whenever an action is dispatched this function will be executed and will get this action. So this argument which we passed to the dispatch function this object here for example as a value for this action parameter. So therefore in the Reducer function we could then check if action type or whichever identifier property you chose is equal to ADD_ITEM and if it is, we can update the state accordingly in there. And if we had more actions, we could add more if checks to also check for UPDATE_ITEM for example. But at the moment I have just this one action, which I'll dispatch and therefore now in here I wanna return some state that changed compared to the previous state snapshot. To be precise, we can now copy the logic we have down here in handleAddItemToCart inside of this state updating function. We can copy that code or to be precise cut that code from there and get rid of this setShoppingCart function call so that now, I'm only dispatching in handleAddItemToCart, I'm not doing anything else and that code that we cut can now be added here inside of the shoppingCartReducer. We just have to tweak it a little bit because the previous shopping cart value is now that state parameter here because this is this guaranteed latest state we're getting from React, the ID here can be extracted from the action and there I stored it under a property named payload. Again, if you chose a different name in your action when dispatching it, so here if you did not choose payload here, you of course have to use that same name here. And I'm also using the idea again here so that should also be action payload now and also here. And then I'm returning my updated state snapshot where I'm setting the items to the updated items. And if we had a more complex state object with multiple properties, we might want to spread and copy the old state first so that we don't lose any other values. And then we just update the one value in our state that is updated when this action here occurs. Now this is not needed here because we have only one value in the state but in more complex state objects you wanna add that to not lose any data. But with that I'm handling this add item action and of course the code we need to write for updating the state is not less than before but it's now in that Reducer function outside of the React component. And we don't have to keep in mind that we should use some special function form because in this Reducer function we'll always get that latest state snapshot automatically. And now of course we can also migrate the other state updating function we have for updating the cart item quantity. So for that, we can cut all this code here and get rid of setShoppingCart here in handleUpdateCartItemQuantity and instead use shoppingCartDispatch again to dispatch another action and here of course, since I used type for my identifier property up there, I'm using type down here as well. And now it's UPDATE_ITEM because we're now updating an item that is already part of the cart and the payload now actually must consist of two values. Now we could also just pass these two values as standalone extra properties in this action object but I'll stick to this payload idea and just group them into a nested object here so that I have my product idea here, which is equal to the product id I'm getting here, this one and I have my amount. And here we can also use some JavaScript shortcut and write this a bit shorter like this. And that's not React specific but indeed a standard JavaScript feature. If your property name is the same as the variable name that contains the value that should be stored under that property, you can shorten your code like this. But now I got the update item type here and therefore, in the Reducer function we want to add a second if check here and check for action type being equal to UPDATE_ITEM, so this action we just dispatched and then paste that state updating code we cut into this if block here. And now we wanna start by copying the old state items because here, just as with state updates with help of useState, you should never mutate the old state in memory directly. Instead, you should always copy it first like this. And then the product ID can be retrieved from action.payload and then there it's this product id. And here for the amount, it's action.payload.amount and then here we could again copy the old state when constructing the new state object so that we don't lose any data, even though as mentioned here it's not needed. But with that we also got this updating logic here in the Reducer function. And therefore now we can get rid of the useState hook in this component because we're now managing everything through useReducer and we can get rid of useState up here in the imports and with that, everything should work. We're dispatching those actions in those event handler functions and those actions lead to the Reducer function being executed. And there we get these different if blocks with their logic to update the state accordingly. And then that state, this shopping cart state, is passed back into the application by sharing it through context like this. Though I also wanna mention that you could use this useReducer hook in other Components as well, and it's not connected to this context feature. They are often used in conjunction but they work independent from each other. And you can use use reducer in any React component that needs state. But with that if we save everything and reload, I got no error and if I try adding items to the cart that works really well, I can update the quantity that all works. And with that, we now got the same behavior as before but now with help of context and also this useReducer hook, which is a hook you can use but you don't have to use.