I'm going to teach you a best practice that every microservice developer has to follow. Using these best practice microservice developers, they can optimize or streamline the process of maintaining the dependencies inside their microservices. Before I try to show you these best practices, first let me explain you the pain points or the problems that microservice developers they will face while building the microservices. So since we are into the new section, which is section 20, what I have done is, I have copied the code from the section 14. Inside the section 14, we implemented the event driven microservices using Kafka, the same code I have copied into the section 20. Basically, I want to avoid the Kubernetes related concept while I'm trying to explain these best practices. That's why I have taken the code from the section 14. Inside my project I have various microservices like accounts, cards, config server, Eureka server, gateway server, loans and message. Each of these microservice will have its own pom.xml or build.gradle. So regardless whether you are using Maven or Gradle, you need to define the dependencies that are required by your microservice. For example, in my case, I'm using Maven to declare the dependencies inside my services. So let me show you the pom.xml of all the services. This is the pom.xml of the config server where I have defined my dependencies. So this is the spring boot version and this is the Java version, this is the spring cloud version and this is the Opentelemetry version. If you can scroll down, you'll be able to see all the other dependencies that my microservice is using towards the end I also define the Google Jib Maven plugin, using which I can generate the Docker image of my service. The same kind of setup you'll be able to see inside the Eureka server, gateway server, loans, message, and other microservices. The problem with this setup is, we are trying to hard code the spring boot versions and other properties like Java version, Spring cloud version, or any third party libraries version inside the microservice itself. Let's imagine your organization is having more than 30 microservices in future if you try to migrate your microservice from one version of the spring boot to the other version, you need to visit all the pom.xml of the microservices and make the version number changes. Do you think this is a best practice ? Off course not. The developer they will be forced to visit all the microservices to update a simple version number. This is the problem that we are going to solve by adopting BOM. So what is a BOM? BOM is a special kind of Project Object Model or pom file that is going to help us to manage the versions of a set of related dependencies, just like how we have interfaces concept inside Java, where we are going to define all the common contracts that needs to be followed by the subclasses or the child classes. Very similarly, using these Bom concept, we can define all the common properties or the common dependencies that are required by our microservices. So the change is always going to be in a single place. If you adopt these Bom inside your microservices development. I hope you are clear what problem we are trying to solve here. Let's continue this discussion in the next lecture. Thank you, bye.