Instructor: To adopt to bom inside our microservices development, first, we need to create a separate Maven Spring Boot project. Here, I'm going to right click on the section_20 folder and select a option, which is new module. Inside this window, I'm going to select Spring Boot option and I will give that name as eazy-bom, bom means beloved materials. Please make sure you have selected the language as Java, type as Maven, and the group is going to be com.eazybyte and the artifact is going to be eazy-bom, and this is the package name. Let me select the JDK as 21, Java version as 21 and the packaging, I'll leave it as Jar for now. After filling all these details, I need to click on this next button. In this page, I'm not going to add any of the Spring Boot starter related dependencies. I'm going to straight away click on this create button. With that, I'm going to have a new Spring Boot Maven project with the name eazy-bom. Let me open first these pom.xml. This is just a regular pom.xml that you see under any of the microservices. I'm going to make good amount of changes inside this pom.xml so that this file is going to act as a parent for all our microservices. Before I try to make those changes first I'm going to delete this entire source folder because I don't want to maintain any of the source code inside my bom project. So it's a best practice to maintain only the dependencies related information, but not any source code. That's why I have deleted the source folder. Next inside the pom.xml, first, I'm going to delete these parent related information. As of now, my pom.xml is trying to use a Spring Boot related starter parent. So first I'm going to delete this parent related information followed by I'm going to mention that description as common bom for EazyBank microservices. Please try to mention whatever makes sense to you under this description. Next, I have all these details empty. What I can do is I'll try to delete all these empty tags and replace them with the same tag, but this time I have populated some data inside all these tags. If you try to understand under the URL, I have mentioned my website followed by license information. After the license information, I also mentioned list of developer details followed by the GitHub report details. So all these tags are optional, but it's a good practice to mention them inside the pom.xml files. These tags are nothing to do with the bom file. If needed, you can completely remove them as well. After mentioning these optional tags, you can go to the description. Just after the description, you need to create a new tag with the name packaging. Under this packaging, we usually jar R wire, but whenever we are looking to create a bom project or a bom file, which is going to act as a parent for all our microservices, we need to mention the packaging as a bom. What is a bom project? Object to model. So without mentioning these pom as a packaging, you can't use a bom or bill of materials feature. I hope it is clear. As an extra, what I'll do is under the properties, I'm going to define the list of properties that are required by my microservices. So as of now, we have a property which is Java.version. I'll try to remove these data and try to paste new property details. Here I have paste shared multiple properties. Each of the properties, we are going to leverage them inside our microservices. So all these properties are self-explanatory. The important point that I want to highlight here is if you're trying to use any of the third party libraries, for example, spring Doc or H2 database or Lombok or OpenTelemetry, Micrometer, these are all the third party libraries which we are trying to use outside of the Spring Boot ecosystem. For all these kind of third party libraries, please try to mention the exact version that you want to use. Of course, even if we don't mention these version numbers or microservices, they're still going to work because the Spring Boot started dependencies, they're capable of adopting the latest version of the third party library, but we should never do that. We should always try to have a control on our side on which third party library version we have to use. So to have that control, we need to make sure we are also mentioning the third party libraries versions as well. So Jip version I have mentioned, image tag name also I have mentioned, which is ASCII. So these are all the properties that are required by our microservices. In few minutes, it is going to make sense to you why we have defined these properties inside the bom file and how they're going to help us. For now, I'm assuming you are clear with all these properties and the versions. After defining these properties by default we have a dependency which is related to Spring Boot starter and Spring Boot starter test. But now I'm going to delete all these dependencies and I will just keep the dependencies tag as empty. Next, I need to create a new tag related to the dependency management. So this is the starting and closing of the tag. Under this dependency management, I'm going to define few dependencies. So let me copy these dependencies. I'm going to explain each of these dependencies one by one. The very first dependency that I have defined is related to the Spring Boot dependencies. Spring Boot framework has a bom file using which we can try to import all the Spring Boot related dependencies inside our individual microservices. So here what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to import the bom file of Spring Boot dependencies with so and so version. So this version, which is Spring Boot dot version, we have defined here under the properties, the same, we are trying to refer with these syntax, which is dollar curly braces, and inside these curly braces we have to mention the property name. So under each of the dependencies, we need to mention this type as pom and the scope as import. Like I said, this dependency, which I have defined under the dependency management, it is going to help all my child microservices to get the Spring Boot dependencies with so and so version number. After the Spring Boot related dependency, I have added the lombok related dependency. Lombok is a third party library, which is from the outside of the Spring Boot ecosystem. That's why I need to add the dependency related to lombok separately. Here, also, we have followed the same structure like group id, artifact ID and version, we're trying to refer from the properties and the type has to be pom and the scope has to be import. Next, we have a dependency related to the H2 database. Since H2 database is also a third party dependency, I have to mention these details under that dependency management. After the H2 database, I'm trying to add the dependency related to the spring doc, which is going to help us to document our microservices by using OpenAPI specifications and Swagger. After the spring doc, I have added the Spring Boot starter test related dependency. We are not trying to import as a pom because this dependency does not support pom style of importing. The reason is under Spring Boot starter test, we don't have much of the libraries and dependencies. It is a small library which supports unit testing inside the Spring Boot projects. So that's why I have added this dependency as a normal dependency. After defining these Spring Boot starter test dependency, I'm trying to define the spring cloud related dependencies. Since under the spring cloud, we have various sub-projects like Eureka, config server, all sorts sub-projects. Since we are looking to use them inside our individual microservices, I need to import this anti spring cloud related bom file by mentioning the type as bom and the scope as import. After defending all these under the dependency management, we don't have to make any changes under the builder tag. I hope you're clear what we have done so far. We just created a simple Spring Boot Maven project, which is going to act as a bom or a bill of materials for all our microservices. The thumb release, you need to make sure you are mention the packaging as bom and remove all the parent details followed by you need to mention all the required properties for your microservices and at the dependency management, you need to provide all these dependencies that are required by your microservices. In the next lecture, let's try to adopt this eazy-bom inside our individual microservices and let's see the magic. Thank you. Bye.