Are you excited to see the magic? I know you're super excited. First, what I'm going to do is, in order to adopt these easybom, I'll go to one of the microservice maybe we can go to the pom.xml of the accounts microservice. As of now here the accounts microservice, it is trying to have the spring boot starter parent as a parent with so and so version. But we don't want this. Instead, we want our easybom as a parent. That's why what I'm going to do is, I'll try to paste this parent details, which are going to have easybom details. So the artifactID you can see I have mentioned easy-bom, which is same as a value that we have mentioned inside the pom.xml of the eazy-bom project. So here we have the artifactID, the same group ID, artifact Id  we have to mention inside the accounts pom.xml. Version also, you need to mention the same version that you have defined inside your eazybom, pom.xml. So this is the version that I have defined here. The same thing I have defined here. Now coming to the relative path, you need to mention what is the relative path to the bom file that we have created. It is present inside the eazybom project with the name as pom.xml. That's why we need to mention since these pom.xml is present outside of this accounts microservice, we need to mention these two dots. Once it goes to the outside folder, which is the section_20, and at the section_20 we have a project with the name eazy-bom, followed by the file name, which is pom.xml. The same we are trying to mention here. It may work without mentioning these relative path inside your local system, because your IDE will do all the magic for you. But if you try to use some CI/CD tools inside your microservices deployments, then definitely those tools they need exact position of your pom.xml. That's why it is mandatory to mention these relative path as well. Now coming to the group ID, artifact ID and the version and packaging name and description, we don't have to change anything because these are specific to the accounts microservice. Next, we don't have to define these properties inside the individual microservice because we already defined them inside the parent bom file or pom file. So that's why I'm trying to delete these properties. Now let's see the magic. Under the dependencies, my microservice already defined list of dependencies that it requires. Like it needs actuator, it needs opentelemetry micrometer related dependency along with the Data JPA, starter validation, starter web. So all these dependencies it already defined, we don't have to touch all these dependencies. But the beauty here is, in future whenever you are looking for an option to change the spring boot version. You don't have to change anything inside the accounts microservice, you just have to go to the pom.xml of eazybom. And here under the properties for the spring boot to version, you need to change this value. So that's an advantage we have here. Similarly the same applies for Java version Maven compiler source maven compiler target spring cloud version. For all the dependencies, the control of the version number will be always present inside the easy eazybom pom.xml, but not inside the individual microservices. So let me go to the accounts microservice. So here you may have a question which is why my accounts microservice needs to define these individual dependencies like actuator Data JPA, starter validation. Because we already imported the entire spring boot related dependencies under the dependency management of eazybom. So here we have imported the entire spring boot dependency pom. It's a great and valid question. Let me clarify the same. If you go to the accounts microservice, you will be able to observe that account microservice need only set of dependencies from the spring boot library. There are hundreds of libraries or dependencies inside the spring boot. My account microservice does not need all of them, it only need 4 to 5 dependencies. That's why spring boot bom it will not try to give all the dependencies to the child microservices. Instead, the child microservice has to let the parent to bom which specific spring boot dependency it want to use, so that the same dependency related libraries will be downloaded under these accounts microservice. I hope you are clear for any spring boot related dependencies, we don't have to mention the version number specifically because we already defined the spring boot version inside the parent pom file. Now coming to that telemetry and micrometer, since these are the third party libraries. I would always recommend you to mention the specific version that you want to use, so that it is going to give control to you in future, instead of you relying on the Spring boot to choose one of the latest dependency you as a developer, you are always going to have a control on which version of the third party library you want to use. So here I'll try to refer to the hotel dot version property that I have defined inside the parent pom.xml. So let me reload this since I'm getting an error after the reload happens, you can see the error is resolved. Next under the micro meter also, I'll try to mention the version with the property defined inside the parent pom file. So first let me copy this version tag that I have under that telemetry. And I'm going to paste the same under the micrometer. So here what I'll do is, I'll try to import the property which is micrometer dot version followed by for spring boot starter data JPA. We don't have to define the version because it belongs to the Spring Boot library. The same applies for the starter validation starter web. Now we have spring cloud related dependencies. So first spring cloud also we have imported the Pom file here under the dependencies management you will be able to see here we have imported the pom file of the spring cloud dependencies with so and so version. Since the spring cloud also is going to have lot many subprojects and dependencies, by default, all those dependencies will not be imported into the child project or child microservice. Instead the child microservice, it needs to define which specific dependencies of spring cloud it want to use. Here we are trying to use the Eureka related and config related dependencies. We are also trying to use the resiliency, OpenVINO related dependencies and coming to the H2 database since it is a third party dependency, I will try to mention the version details with the property name as h2.version. The same applies for the Lombok so under the Lombok also, I'll try to mention the version number by referring to the property which is Lombok.version. Under the spring doc also, as of now, you can see inside each of the individual microservices we have hardcoded the version number. We are going to get rid of these by removing these hardcoded value. Instead, we are going to mention the property name which is defined inside the parent file. The property name is spring-doc.version. Next we have spring cloud, stream dependency, Kafka related dependency, and spring boot starter test related dependency. We don't have to make any changes to them under the dependency management we are trying to import the spring cloud, pom file with no more needed. This because we are already doing this inside the parent bom file. Next, if you try to observe under the build, we're trying to refer to a jib version. This jib version also as of now we have hard coded inside each of the microservices. Instead what we can do right now we can try to refer to the property defined inside the parent pom file, which is jib.version. Next, under the image name we are trying to hard code these S14 or whatever image tag in all the individual microservices. Instead I want to maintain it in a single place. That's why I already defined a property inside the parent pom file with the property name as image.tag and with the value as S20, why S20, because I am right now into the section_20 project, I hope it is clear. Let me try to go to the accounts microservice pom.xml. And here, instead of mentioning the S14 hardcoded value, I'll try to refer to the property which is image.tag. So let me reload these maven changes. And with this, if I try to do the build for accounts microservice, you should not have any compilation errors. Did you see the beauty? Right now the entire control of the version numbers are present inside the parent pom file or bom file. No where we have hardcoded the spring boot version or third party library versions, or the Google jib version. In future, if you want to change the version, you just have to make the change inside a single file, which is the easybom, pom.xml file. I hope you are clear with the process. Let's try to repeat the same process for one more microservice this time. Maybe I'll open the pom.xml of the cards microservice. I'm going to repeat the same steps so that it is going to be clear for you. First, we need to remove the existing spring boot related parent and replace it with the easybom pom.xml followed by we need to delete all these properties and under the dependencies. We need to mention the correct total version property name. So let me load the maven changes to resolve this error, followed by I'm going to mention the same for micrometer as well. For the micrometer, the property name is micrometer.version. Let me scroll down further. Here we have a h2 dependency which is a third party library. I need to mention the exact version number by mentioning h2.version. The same applies for the Lombok. For the Lombok the property name is Lombok.version. After mentioning the Lombok version, I'm going to mention the version number for the spring doc. For the spring doc the property name is spring-doc.version. Next I'm going to delete these spring cloud related dependency management and under the build, I'm going to refer to the Google jib Group property which is jib.dot version. I will also try to change the tag name by referring to the property which is image.tag. I hope you are clear. What we can do here is please try to pause the video and try to make the similar changes inside remaining microservices. I will also try to make these changes behind the scenes so that we can save some time here. Okay, I hope you are successful in doing all the similar changes inside the remaining microservices behind the scenes I have also done the changes in all the microservices. Now I can do a complete reload of all the Maven projects so that there are no compilation errors. So since my entire build is successful, I'll try to start one of the microservices also just to make sure everything is working. So let me go to the config server which is the simplest microservice that I have. So here I'll go to the main class, in case if you are wondering how I'm getting all these icons inside my IDE, it's very easy you just have to go to the plugins and you need to make sure that you are installing this plugin, which is auto material icons. Now let me try to start my config server service. If you try to look at these logs of the config server, my service started successfully and it is right now using a spring boot version 3.3.3. So let me stop my config server. What I'll do is, I'll try to test a small change to make sure everything is working fine. I'll go to the pom.xml of the eazybom, and here I'll try to change the spring boot version to 3.3.2. So let me save these changes. Once I save this file, I'll go to the config server and I'll try to delete all these entire target folder content so that I can reinitiate the maven loading process. So let me click on this reload all Maven projects incrementally. So with that the build is going to complete with the new spring boot version which is 3.3.2. Let me try to start my config server application this time you can see the microservice started with the version 3.3.2. If this is not happening inside your local system, that might be due to the maven cache. So please make sure you are doing the Maven reload multiple times. Or please try to restart your IDE so that your Maven cache is going to be invalidated. With this, I'm assuming you are clear on what we have done so far. With the help of Bill of materials or with the help of bom, we are able to streamline the development of the microservices. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture, bye.