With the help of these eazy-bom project as of now, we set up Bill of materials or Bom inside our microservices project. With these all our microservices, they are going to follow the same version number which we are trying to control from the parent to pom.xml. But here you may have a question which is as of now, we have declared all the versions that are supposed to be used by my microservices here, but sometimes we may have a requirement which is a particular microservice may want to use a particular version of the dependency, which is different from the version that we have mentioned inside these parent pom.xml. How to handle these kind of scenarios. This can be a question. Let's try to answer the same. For example, think like my loans microservice, it want to use a separate version of spring doc or Lombok. In such scenarios, what we can do is, instead of referring to the version present inside the parent, we can try to define our own version here. Just by removing these Lombok lomborg's version property reference. I can try to mention my own version like 1.8.32. So as of now, inside the parent we have defined 1.8.34. But I have a freedom to define my own version inside my individual microservices. The same kind of solution you can follow for any dependencies. It can be related to the spring boot dependency or it can be a third party dependency. You always have this freedom. I hope you are clear. Let me revert this back to the parent to version, so that we are going to use the same version across all the microservices. Apart from managing the dependencies or libraries versions, there is also one more advantage that we can leverage whenever we have implemented Bill of materials or bom inside microservices. Sometimes in your microservices, there is a very good chance that all of your microservices might be using common library. For example, all my microservices, they are using these spring boot starter test library. If I try to search for this artifact ID, you can see the same library is present inside all of my microservices. In this kind of scenarios, what we can do is instead of repeating the common dependency details inside all the microservices, we can try to define these dependency at a single place, which is inside the parent pom.xml or inside the bom that we have created so far. Let me show you how to do the same. Before that, what I'll do is, I'll try to delete these starter test related dependency from all my microservices. So let me reload the maven changes. Let me do the same for gateway as well. So inside the gateway also I have this dependency. After removing this dependency I'm trying to reload the maven changes. Let me go to the message inside the message also, I have this dependency. I'm trying to delete it and reload the maven changes. I'll go to the cards pom.xml. And here also I have dependency. Let me delete the same and load the maven changes. Next I'll go to the config server inside the config server also I have the same dependency. After the config server I'll go to the Eureka server and once I deleted this dependency inside the Eureka server, I'll try to delete the same inside the accounts microservice as well. With this, we have deleted this dependency in all the microservices. So let me load the maven changes. Now if I try to search for this dependency, it is only present inside the bom pom.xml. I'm fine with this if I try to do the build you will get some compilation errors in all my microservices, especially related to the test related annotations and import statements. Because right now though, I have defined the common dependency inside the pom.xml of easy-bom, it is not being referred by my child microservices. The reason is we have defined the dependency under the dependency management. So whenever we have defined a dependency under the dependency management, it is only going to be used for the version management. But if you really want all your child services to import the actual dependency, then you need to mention the same under the dependencies. So as of now you can see the dependencies is empty. I'll try to paste the dependency here. Once I added this dependency I can save this changes and I'll go to the Maven and I'll make sure this easy-bom is reloaded so that all my child microservices. They should be able to fetch these common dependency from the parent pom.xml. So let me do a build. With this build you can see all my compilation errors resolved. That means right now my individual microservices, they are referring to these common dependency defined inside the parent pom.xml. I hope you are clear with these advantage as well. My humble request is always try to adopt the bill of materials inside your actual microservices that you are going to build as part of your job. Otherwise you will end up making a lot of manual changes or manual adjustments inside your microservices. Let me stop my config server that is running. As a next step what I'll do is, I'll try to generate a Docker image for one of the microservices, and I'll make sure with these bom setup that we have done, there is no impact on the Docker image generation. Let me go to the terminal inside my terminal as of now you can see I am under the section_20 folder. Let me navigate to the config server. And here I'm going to run the command which is Maven compile jib:dockerBuild. So this is going to generate a docker image for my config server. After few seconds the config server docker image is generated properly without any issues. Let me confirm the same inside my Docker desktop. Inside my Docker desktop, you can see there is a config server image with the tag S20 and with the size is 354 MB. There is no impact on the size of the docker image as well. So everything seems to be working fine without any issues. As an next step what I'll do is, I'll try to start the container of these config server image just to make sure container is also starting without any issues. Let me clean the console. Next I'm going to run the command which is docker run - p 
8071:8071. And after the port mapping I'm trying to give the image details. And here the tag name I have mentioned S 20. If I try to execute this command, you'll be able to see that the Spring boot application is getting started without any issues. And the spring boot version also right now it is using 3.3.2, which is the same that we have mentioned inside the parent pom.xml inside the Docker desktop, if you go to the containers, you'll be able to see there is a container started properly. You can also verify the logs here. With this, the entire setup of our bom is working without any issues. I have mentioned the brief summary of the bom in this slide for your reference. I hope you are clear. Thank you, bye.