Many times microservice developers, they will end up writing a lot of duplicate code in multiple microservices. Let's try to understand how to handle these code duplication challenge. Inside my microservices there is a DTO class with the name ErrorResponseDto. This Dto class has exactly same code which is duplicated across all my microservices like accounts, cards, and loans. Off course I don't require any DTO inside my Eureka server, config server and gateway server. If you ignore these supporting services, I end up writing these ErrorResponseDto inside all the microservices. In future if I create more number of microservices, definitely I will need an ErrorResponseDto in the new microservice as well. In this kind of scenarios, you will be tempted to create a common library and move all these duplicate code into the common library and the same common library. You will try to import inside your individual microservices. This can be your basic approach, but there are better ways on how we can handle this. Let's try to understand the same. Whenever you are looking to build a shared libraries in microservices, you will end up with multiple approaches. Let's discuss one by one and let's try to identify which is a valid approach. The very first approach that any microservice developer can think is, to create a shared maven project containing all the common dependencies, or all the common code. This common code can be related to your utility classes or configurations, or logging security. It can be related to any functionality as long as it is common or being duplicated in multiple microservices. You may be tempted to create a single shared Maven project, but with this approach, there are some disadvantages. Let's try to understand what are those? Think like you are trying to build a common library inside these common library. You are trying to build some utility logic followed by security, followed by logging. If you keep adding these common related logic into your same library, the library is going to become a big fat jar. And with that, what is going to happen if some service, if they need only the utility logic, but not the security and logging related logic, the service still need to carry all these unused logic or these big fat jar inside its Docker image. So that's why this is definitely not a best practice or the recommended approach. With that, let's go to the second approach. The second approach that you may think here is, to split the shared code into the multiple smaller libraries. Inside this approach, what you are going to do is, you're going to create multiple smaller libraries handling the utility, security similarly logging. So since these are individual Maven libraries or Maven projects, the microservices, they have an option to select whatever common code that they want. So if you consider this as a microservice, if this microservice it only need the utility logic, then it can try to refer to the utility Maven project only, and it can safely ignore the security and logging related Maven dependencies. But there is a problem here. Usually inside the microservices projects. With this kind of setup, you will end up creating more than 20 or 30 different Maven projects or Maven libraries. Whenever you want to make some changes inside these individual Maven projects, then there will be some challenges in pushing the code or rising the pull request to your leads are maintaining the versioning numbers for all these maven dependencies. That's why this approach is also not feasible due to the challenges around the pull and push request and publishing multiple versions, which is going to complicate the entire management process. So with that, this approach is also not recommended. Now let's move on to the best and recommended approach, which is Multi-module project. In this approach, what is going to happen is anywhere you're going to create a bom inside your microservice inside the same bom, you can create Multi-module Maven project, where each module is going to focus a particular common functionality like logging, security, auditing, or any other functionality. So all these Multi-module projects, they are going to share a common parent bom, which is usually is going to be a bomb file. With this approach, what is going to happen is, all the challenges that we have discussed as part of approach to they will be resolved because we are maintaining all the common libraries as the submodules are as multi modules under a single parent palm. So they will be present inside the same GitHub repo. So the versioning maintaining of all these libraries, it is also going to be super simple. I'll try to show you the demo around these shared libraries in the next lecture. But before I try to close this lecture I want to provide a disclaimer around the shared libraries. Usually sharing code or sharing libraries between microservices is a debated topic. You will see few developers against these, whereas other developers supporting this approach. There is no single answer on how we can share the libraries in microservices. You as a developer, you need to make sure whether it is really worth to move my duplicate code into a shared library. If you have a common code or duplicate code, which is not going to bring any coupling related challenges or deployment related challenges inside your microservices, then you can happily use the shared library approach. But if you have a duplicate logic or common code, which is going to bring some tight coupling between the microservices or which is going to make the deployment process a complex one, then in such scenarios, you need to think about whether it is really worth building a shared library. If you are happy by maintaining some duplicate code in multiple microservices, then you can ignore the shared library. If you are going with the shared libraries approach. If it is bringing some challenges, then there is no worth of implementing the shared libraries in microservices. According to me, you should continue maintaining the duplicate code in all the microservices. I hope you are clear. Let's see the demo of this third approach in the next lecture. Thank you, bye.