To get started with the shared libraries. First I need to create a submodule under my eazy-bom. Let me right click and go to the new module. And here I'm going to mention the module name as common. This can be anything based upon your requirements. Let's make sure the language is Java, type is Maven and group is com.eazybytes and the artifact is common. Coming to the JDK I'll try to select 21. Java version is 21 and the packaging should be jar. After filling all these details I can click on this next button. And here what I can do is, I'll try to select spring web related dependency also Lombok related dependency because I need all these dependencies to build the common code inside these maven project. Let me click on this create button and with that, under the eazy-bom you'll be able to see there is a submodule is created with the name common. This way you can try to create multi modules under the eazybom form with various names like security, logging, auditing based upon your business requirements. Once you created this multi module, you need to go to the pom.xml of eazy-bom. Here, just after the properties, you need to create a tag with the name modules. Under this modules you need to mention your module details. So let me type module tag here. I'll try to mention the name which is common. So common is my submodule name. That's why I'm trying to mention the same. Now my parent palm aware of these submodule that I have created, let me go to the common submodule. And here inside this pom.xml I need to make some changes. First I need to get rid of these parent instead of spring boot parent. I need to mention eazybom as a parent so that the submodule also refers to the same parent to bom file next under the version. As of now, you can see this is the default version that I got from the Spring Boot generator. Instead, as a best practice, what we can do is we can try to create a property inside the parent bomb file. Let me paste a property here. So the property name is common hyphen jib.version. And to this I'm giving a version number as 1.0.0. Next I'll go to the common pom.xml here. Instead of using these hard coded value, I'll try to mention the property which is common-jib.version. . Next, under the description, I'll try to remove this common and mention common project for eazybank microservices just to look more professional. Next, if you can scroll down here we have properties details. We can remove all these property details under the dependencies as of now we have starter web and we also have Lombok. Since Lombok is a third party library, what we can do is we can try to refer the version based upon the value that we have defined inside the parent pom.xml. And since the Spring boot starter test is already available inside the parent pom.xml, we can remove this. apart from these Lombok, I also need to add one more dependency which is related to the spring doc. Since inside my DTO classes I have annotations related to the open API. I need to add this dependency inside my pom.xml of common module. At last we can get rid of all these build related configurations because these configurations already present inside the parent pom.xml. So now we have created a submodule. So let me load all these Maven changes and do a build as a next step I need to move the ErrorResponseDto from my individual microservice to these common module. So let me open ErrorResponseDto. I'll try to copy this file and I'll go to the common Man and inside the source folder. First what I'll do is, I'll try to remove these common application, because I don't want anyone to execute my spring boot application. I want to use the submodules strictly as a library. So that's why I want to get rid of these common application, followed by I'll try to create a new package with the name dto. Inside this dto package I'm going to paste the new file, which is ErrorResponseDto. So with this we have moved the duplicate code. As a next step, I need to delete the same file in all the microservices. So first I'm trying to delete from the accounts microservice, followed by I'll try to delete from the cards microservice. After the cards microservice, I need to delete the same from the loans microservice as well. With this now we have the ErrorResponseDto in only single place, which is inside the common submodule. But with this setup, if you try to do a build, definitely you're going to get compilation errors. Because my individual microservices, they didn't import the common module inside their pom.xml. All the microservices, which requires this common dependency what they have to do, they need to add a dependency details around common. So first let me open accounts. So here what I will do is, at the top I'll try to mention the dependency details. The dependency details are group ID is com.eazybytes and artifact ID is common. And this is the version. So let me save these changes. Load the maven changes. Next I'll go to the pom.xml of loans microservice. Inside the loans microservice also we need to add the same dependency. Let me go to the top and I'll try to add this dependency as a first dependency, followed by I load the maven changes. As a next step, I need to go to the cards microservice. Inside the carts microservice also, I need to add the same dependency. After adding these dependency in all the required microservices, I can try to do a build inside the GlobalExceptionHandler. The errors are resolved. I might be getting errors in other classes. So here right now I'm getting inside the loans controller. For some reason my intelliJ is not able to automatically resolve this issue, but if I try to open this loans controller, you'll be able to see there are no errors this time. If I do the build again, all the errors inside the loans controller are resolved. Now I'm getting the error inside the GlobalExceptionHandler. Let me open this file, save the changes and do the build. Next I'm getting the error inside the cards controller. Let me open the same. Save the file and do the bill. If this is not happening automatically, what you have to do is you just have to update the import statement inside all the classes where you are using the ErrorResponseDto. So this way I'm trying to resolve the issue in all the classes. At last my build is successful. So if I try to build one more time, you'll be able to see there are no compilation errors. What I can do is, just to confirm everything is working fine. I'll try to generate a docker image of accounts microservice. So let me open my terminal inside my terminal. First let me go to the accounts microservice and from the accounts microservice I'm going to run the command which is Maven compile jib docker build. Here you'll be able to see the image generation is successful for some reason. If it is not working in your local, then that indicates the common module is not published properly. To publish the common Maven module into the local maven repo, what you have to do. You just have to go to the eazybom, and from the eazybom you need to go to the command. Once you are into the common folder, you need to run the command which is Maven clean install. With this command, the common module is going to be built and it is going to be published to the local maven repository. My local maven repository is present at this location. To this location only the jar is published from this place. The Docker image generation process is going to fetch the jar. This way you can create any number of multi modules or submodules under the eazy-bom. Always follow this approach instead of creating a single jumbo Maven module, which is not recommended for the reasons that we have discussed. I hope you are clear, but like I said, please be very cautious while you are trying to use these approaches, you need to make sure you're not bringing deployment challenges, coupling challenges inside your microservices applications. I'm going to check in all this code into the GitHub repo. For any questions, please refer to the same. Thank you, bye.