Now let's start with looking at asynchronous code and side effects in general, even if they should be synchronous, even if the code should be synchronous, and Redux. Because there is one super important rule. Your reducer functions must be pure, side-effect free, and synchronous. So your reducer functions should take some input in the case of the Redux reducer, the old state and the action, and then produce some output. And that's, by the way not just the case for Redux reducer function. The reducer function you pass to use reducer, is react hook, works in the same way. It has nothing to do with redux, but it just general reducer concept that you have a pure, side effects synchronous function that takes input and produces some output. And for the same input, for the same values, it will always produce the same output, without any side effects that happen along the way without any asynchronous code that blocks it. No code of that kind must be part of your reducer functions. But of course, that brings up an important question when working with redux, when we dispatch some action that would involve a side effect, like HTTP request that should be sent, where should we then put the side effect code? Where should we put our asynchronous code when working with redux? Because the reducer function is clearly the wrong place as we just learned. The answer to this question is that we have two possible places where we can put our side effects. We can put our side effects possibly asynchronous code directly into the component with user fact for example, so just as we did it before in this course, and then we only dispatch an action once that side effect is done so Redux doesn't know anything about that side effect, or, and that will be new we write our own action creator functions, so we don't use the automatically generated ones redux toolkit gives us but instead we write our own action creators. And it turns out that for those action creators redux actually has a solution that allows us to perform side effects and run asynchronous tasks as part of this action creators without changing the reducer function because that function must stay side effect free. Now we are going to have a look at both approaches in this course section, And to have a look at that, We are going to start by setting up another React-Redux application. We are going to do that in the next two lectures and you can therefore skip those two lectures if you don't wanna repeat what you learnt in the last course section, though I of course recommend that you don't. But we are going to repeat that build a basic react-redux application in the next two lectures and there after we're going to explore asynchronous code and redux and all this shiny new things.