So now that we repeated these core Redux basics again, let's dive into some brand new content and let's see how we can connect Redux with side effects and asynchronous code. Now for this, I'll continue using this basic application on which we worked, but now I want to add a backend. A server to which we can send our cart. Because my idea is that whenever I edit the cart, because we add items or we reduce the quantity or remove items, whenever that happens, I wanna send a request to a backend server to store that updated cart on the backend so that when we reload this front-end application, we can fetch that saved cart from the server, load it and display it here. That is my goal. Now for that as a backend, I will again use Firebase because it's that easy to use, no backend code required, backend, which simply, well, makes our life as a developer a bit easier. Of course, if you are a node JS developer you could also build your own backend API and send requests to that, but that's simply not the focus of this course. Node JS is a totally different topic. I got a dedicated course in this. this course is about React instead, so we will focus on that now. I'll use this backend here for my requests for this application. And now we got a couple of different kinds of requests that should be sent to that backend. As I said, whenever the card changes, I wanna update it on the backend. So whenever I add or remove items to or from the cart, I wanna update that backend. And when I reload the application, I wanna fetch my storage data from the backend. Because currently, if we add something to the cart, if we edit our cart, once I reload, all that data is lost because currently we're not storing that cart anywhere. And that's exactly the kind of problem I wanna solve by storing it on that Firebase backend. But how do we now integrate that backend and the HTTP requests that we need to send to that backend into our React application that uses Redux? How do we do that? Now keep in mind, reducers must be pure, side effect free, and synchronous. So when we have any code that produces a side effect or is asynchronous, like sending a HTTP request, such code must not go into our reducer functions. So we can't send our HTTP request inside of the reducers in our cart slice after we edited our state here. We can't go to the end of the reducer and then use the fetch API and send the request to the backend. This would totally be against the idea of Redux. It would be super bad and you must never do something like this. Don't perform a side effect inside of your reducer. No matter if it's synchronous or asynchronous, don't do it inside of the reducer and never run any asynchronous code in the reducer in general. So we can't send the HTTP request here after we are done updating our state. Instead, when it comes to running such code, we have two main options where to put such code. We can execute it in the components. So we can simply ignore Redux, if you want to call it like this. Or we create something which is called a action creator which we only used indirectly thus far which also would allow us to run asynchronous code or generally any side effect code. These are our two main options. Now, I wanna show you both options so that you see the differences and can make your own choice which option you prefer.