And let's start with running the async code, the side effect inside of our components. Let's maybe start with adding items to a card from inside the product item component. That means that in here we have this add to cart handler and we could of course then not just dispatch an action to our Redux store but we could also send that data to Firebase to the backend. We would just have one problem with that. If we just send the product data to Firebase. So the data which we're sending to Redux here if we just sent that to Firebase, we would just store that product data in Firebase, but Firebase the way we are using it does not have any logic on its own on the backend. So on the Firebase backend we don't run any extra code. So if we send some product data there that product data would simply be added to the database but all the logic we have in the reducer for checking whether a product is already part of the cart and if it is updating as quantity, if it's not adding it that kind of logic simply does not run on Firebase, because that's a pretty dumb backend here the way we're using it and therefore we don't have such logic there. Now if you would be using Firebase for a real project you could add server side code to it. There is a service called functions which allows you to add your own code on the Firebase backend which can be triggered for incoming requests and which would allow you to transform data on the backend. So it would be possible to integrate this here. And if you're using your own backend built with Node.js or PHP or whatever if you build your own backend API then of course you're also totally free to add code on that backend API that does more with the incoming data than just store it in the database. But since this is no course about backend API development and about backend programming languages that's not the route I will take here. It's something you can do but it requires knowledge about backend programming languages like Node.js or PHP. And we don't have that here in this course. Therefore it's important to recognize that the code we need to write on the frontend and where we write dead code will depend on our backend code. Because we of course have our backend API, our backend server talking to our frontend application with help of these http requests and the responses which we send around. Now if we would have a backend API that does a lot of work so that does not just store incoming data but also transform it. If we had an API like this then our frontend application could do less work. It could just send data like data for a product that should be added to a cart. It could send that data to the backend, lets the backend do the transformation and then use the response on the frontend to then just there hand it off to the reducer for example, to store that response. So then we could slim down our reducer and basically just take the incoming data which is coming from the backend and which was transformed there so let's say the final card we could just take that and store that in Redux that's something we could do then. But that's not the scenario we have here for the reasons mentioned a couple of seconds ago. Instead here we have a backend that does not do a lot of work. It basically just stores incoming data in the format It receives it in. And that means that we do need to do more work on the frontend. There we don't just need to store data in the Redox store, we also need to prepare that data. We need to transform the data. So exactly what we're doing here in add item to cart and in remove item from cart. We are not just getting the finished cart as a payload on the action instead we get a product and we need to find out how to add it to the cart here in this code. And the same for removing. And that's no problem and it of course makes 100% sense if we have no backend but if we do have a backend it is at least something to be aware of that depending on the backend and the amount of work the backend does we could do less work here if the backend would do the work for us. But as mentioned multiple times, that's not the case here and therefore we will need to find a way to still do the work here on the frontend and at the same time then send that transformed data to the backend without doing that sending inside of the reducer because we learned that we're not allowed to do it there. So that's the problem set with which we have to work here. And therefore let's now determine where to best put our code for sending the updated card to the backend if the backend is not doing that work for us and we therefore have to do it here and at the same time we're not allowed to send our requests inside of the reducer function.