So I hope I could explain the problem set we're dealing with here in the last lecture and it's not uncommon problem set that you have a backend which might not be doing all the work you want it to do it and therefore we'll now have to find a way around that problem. As I mentioned we can send our HTTP request here in the reducer but that of course then means that we need to find a different way and here these two main options where we can run our async code become important again. We can run it into component or in an action creator. Now as mentioned, let's start with the component and here it's the product item where we have this add to cart handler, where we send a request. Now, what we can do here is we can also use useselector from react redux and get our current cart before it's updated then do all that transformation which we do in the reducer ends out of product item without mutating the state though, that's important. We'll need to take care that we don't do that there and then we send the request and here's how that code could look like. I did not write this code together with you because this will not be the final code we'll use because it has problems. You will find it attached though you'll find this code snapshot attached so that you can also run it in your own project. What did I do? I worked on add to cart handler in the product item and I, first of all used useselector from react redux to select my cart from there, the entire cart. So this cart stayed object with items and total quantity and then in add to cart handler, I create my own new total quantity. I don't change it in the existing state because we must not mutate the state here and that's important. We can write this mutating code here inside off the reducer function in our slice because Redux toolkit has this internal transformation for changing our code such that it doesn't mutate the state but that only applies inside of those reducer methods. In product item so in a regular component, that's not the case and if here I would set cart total quantity equal to cart total quantity plus one then I would change a JavaScript object in memory which is all the part of the Redux store without making Redux aware of it because I would be changing it outside of a reducer function, which is horrible which you must avoid. So that line, which I selected here would be super bad code. You must never mutate Redux state and especially don't do it outside of a reducer. That's why instead I create a new constant which has the updated quantity without changing the quantity in the Redux store yet and then I do similar things for updating my items. I create an updated items constant where I copied the items in the cart with the slice method that creates a brand new array with the existing objects but a new array. Then I get hold of the existing item by identifying it in my copied items. That item, however, will still be an object in memory which is part of the Redux store because objects are reference values in JavaScript. So I copy that object into a new object as well. So that updated item is a brand new object in memory and then I can update properties off that object without manipulating my Redux store. If I would be updating existing item, I would be manipulating my Redux store not if I create a copy first though and then I find the index of that existing item and I replace the current item in my cart with the updated item or if we didn't have the item as part of the cart before I push a brand new object to my updated items array and then I'd arrive my new cart by creating a new object where I said total quantity to that new total quantity up there and where I said items equal to my updated items and then I dispatch a new action because I added a new reducer in the store, the replace cart reducer. I added that off screen and that simply gets the new total quantity and the new items from the payload and overrides it in the Redux store and therefore the payload which I dispatch is an object with a total quantity and an items key and that's what I create here and what I then dispatch here and I'm not sending a HTTP request yet by the way if I save that with the old action which we dispatched here, I commented out, if I go back to my application and I reload I can still add items to the cart as before and it works as before. Now I did not change the logic that runs when I click the plus and minus buttons. Now what's the problem with this approach though? The problem is, that if we would use this in all the parts of our application, where we need to update the cart. So if we would also use it instead of cart item to be precise then we would need to copy all that logic here which I added to this component to the cart item component as well or we outsource it into an extra file which exports a function, which does this, maybe. So then we don't have to code duplication but still we'll have another problem. We do the data transformation in some helper function and in the end directly in our components we don't do the transformation in our reducers. We would be able to get rid of add item to cart if we used this replace cart approach in all the places in the application and that means that our redux reducers wouldn't do a lot of work. They'd just get some data and store it. That can be fine and if that's your personal preference that's not necessarily bad but it's not the main idea behind using Redux because when it comes to the question of where to put our code, we often have the choice between fat reducers, fat components or fat actions. So when we consider where to put our logic, our code then we have to differentiate between synchronous, side-effect free code and code with side effects or codes that is asynchronous and that code, which I provided to you in product item at the moment is side effect free we're not sending that HTTP request yet deliberately because I wanna focus on this other problem we're currently talking about. All this code here just transforms data. It's asynchronous code and side effect free. Now in such a case if we're dealing with synchronous side-effect free code. So if we basically just have some data transformation so we're on the left side of the slide then you typically should prefer reducers. Now, if you personally have a different opinion if you like having your code in the component that of course is fine but generally it is considered a bit better to prefer reducers and a wide action creators or components for that. Now we still haven't had a closer look at action creators. We will soon but we did definitely work a lot with components and you wanna avoid putting your data transformation code there when working with Redux. It would be different for asynchronous code or code with side effects. There you should prefer action creators or components and you absolutely must never use reducers. So therefore at the moment we have a problem. We have sub optimal code because we are performing the data transformation in the component and not inside of the reducer if we rely on replace cart and that is sub optimal that's the reason why we didn't write this code together because I don't wanna keep that code here but what would be a better way of doing it then? Because we need to prepare it before we send it to Firebase because we can send the request from inside the reducer.