Now one possible, better solution is actually totally obvious once you see it. Instead of using this approach, which I implemented in the last lecture and which I'll therefore now get rid of, instead of doing that, and hence I can get rid of this cart selector and of the useSelector import. Instead of doing that we wanna stick to the approach from before. We wanna dispatch the addItemToCart action and do all this heavy work inside of the Reducer function. But if we now wanna sync our new state to the server so if we wanna update the server with that new state which we derived on the front end we can simply switch the order. We can first do the work on the front end and let Redux update its store. And then in a second step thereafter we send the request to the server but we don't necessarily need to do that here inside of the Reducer function where we wouldn't be allowed to do it. Instead, we can, for example do it in the ProductItem.js file or in a totally different file. Let's say in App.js as our root component. There we can simply get hold of our overall cart by basically using useSelector and listening to changes to our cart state. And whenever our cart state does change we can send the Http request. So that's what I'll do here. I'll use useSelector, which we're already importing to get hold of my overall cart and then I'll store it in that constant like this. And now we can use useEffect which we import from React to watch for changes in our cart state, because you learned that useEffect allows you to run side effects. So it sounds like a good choice here, and it allows you to run an effect whenever some dependency changes. So we import useEffect from React and we can then call useEffect here in the app component, for example and we could be doing this in any component. I'm just picking my route component here but that's not a must to do. So here we then define our Effect function and our array of dependencies. Now, inside of the Effect function, I wanna send a Http request with the Fetch API, let's say and I wanna send it to Firebase. So we grab that URL from Firebase, add that here and maybe target a cart.json node. The .json is Firebase specific. This will create a new cart Node in the database and then store the data there. And we wanna send a POST request because that will tell Firebase to store new data or to be precise, actually here, I wanna send a PUT request. That's also allowed by a Firebase. And if we send a PUT request we also do store data on Firebase. But the difference to POST is that the new data will not be added in a list of data so to say, but that it will override existing data. So when sending a PUT request, will override the existing cart with the incoming data and that's exactly what we want here. So we can send a PUT request and then set our request body to JSON.stringify And now here, I wanna send my cart. So this cart, which I get from Redux, I convert this to JSON data and send it as part of the request. Now, since we're using cart in here we should add it as a dependency to useEffect so that this Effect function re-executes whenever our cart changes, which is exactly what we want. Now, the great thing is that useSelector sets up a subscription to Redux. So whenever our Redux store does change this component function will be re-executed and we will get to the latest state. So in this case, the latest cart. So that means that effect will also be re-evaluated and it will re-execute if our carts did change and that is exactly what we need. So with this simple addition here we will send this Http request whenever our cart changes and we can keep our logic for updating the cart inside of the reducer, because we simply switched the order. We first update our Redux store and we're done with that. And then we select the updated store to send the request and that allows us to keep lean components create a fat Reducer with all the logic and then perform any side effects that might depend on our Redux state. So if you save this and we go back here, if I reload if I open up the network tab so that we can see Http requests, if I add something to my cart, you see a Http request is sent and that happens whenever I update my cart. And if we go to Firebase, we therefore see the cart's there. And we see that here we have the correct cart reflected. If I add my other item to the cart and never request the send and the cart was updated again. So that is a very, very nice and that's a very good way of having our side effect logic in a component and keeping all our data transformation logic inside of a Reducer, which is where we typically wanna have it when working with Redux.