Now at the moment, I'm sending this Http request and I'm not doing anything with the response and I'm also not handling potential errors. That's of course something which we might wanna avoid. Now, to handle the response and potential errors, I edit a new component, which you'll find attached in a zip file, the notification component which you should put into your UI folder. It's a simple component that displays a title and the message and that can assume different CSS classes based on a status prop. And then it's simply a little a bar at the top which will show up, which can either say something like sending request, or once it's done it can tell us if it was a success or if we have an error. Now, to use it with our current approach in App.js, here on fetch, we can simply add then or we use async await. Since we were in use effect though, we should not add async here, but instead wrapped us in a separate fetch then and that's actually what I'll do here so I'll add a new function here. Instead of user fact send cart data. It's a simple function which will hold this code but it's now asynchronous. So we can await this to get our response. And then when we get the response here we can get our response data by waiting response dot Jason like this. And we can also check if the response maybe not okay. And if it's not okay, we have an errors. So then we might want to throw a new error here. Where we say, sending cart data failed or anything like this. If we make it past this line however we know that we were successful. And then we know that we, well should show that success notification. And actually we also want to show the notification right from the start when we start sending. Now for this we could import use state and set up some local state and this component, some is loading state and maybe an error state. And we set dose States as part of our Http requests cycle here. And we then use those states to conditionally rendered the notification component with the appropriate content. We could do all of that, there would be nothing wrong with that and it would be a good way of handling this. But since we already have a UI slice here in Redux why not use that? Why don't we add more to the state we're managing here with Redux and we managed the notification, which we're showing with help of Redux now. For this I'll add a notification property to initial state and I'll set it to null initially, so that initially we have no notification. But then we can add a new reducer which we could call set notification or show notification maybe, where we get our state and where we also use the action because I expect some action payload here because the kind of notification that should be shown should be encoded in the action as a payload. And we then there for a set state notification equal to an object let's say, of course the exact structure is up to you since it's your code. But also to an object where I have a status key which I expect to get from my action payload. Let's say dear, we all expect the status property and status could be something like pending error and success. And then we also expect a title let's say which we also get from the action payload and a message which we all know I expect as a property on the action payload. So we set our notification to such an object. Now we want to dispatch does show notification action when we start sending the data when we're done with the data and if we have an error. So therefore we can import use dispatch from React Redux to get access to that dispatch function by executing use dispatch. And we import our UI actions from store, UI slice. And then, and here in user fact, when we sent the card data we initially dispatch UI action start show notification and pass an object to show notification where we set the status to pending let's say, because we're currently saying sending the request, the title to sending maybe and let's say the message to sending cart data. That could be the, the notification we wanna set now. Now I also want to dispatch an action once we're done. So once we got the response data. I actually don't care about the response data in this case, because for sending the card I'm not interested in any response. So we don't even need to get to the response data instead knowing that we don't have an error is enough. So then I want to dispatch a new notification where the status is success and it should be success because I'm using that instead of the notification component then to adjust the CSS classes. So I'll set it to success, have a title of success maybe. And then we could say sent cart data successfully. Now, if we have an error, I also wanna dispatch and I'll do that instead of throwing an error I'll instead dispatch a new action where I say error and then have error here as well. And here we could say, sending cart data failed, like this. Now this will not handle all kinds of errors though because we could also have an error from some other part in this code instead of just having an invalid response status. And therefore I'll actually cut this and go back to throw new error and simply go below this send cart data function which we defined, executed here, and then call catchier to catch any errors that might be thrown from inside this function. Since it's an async function, this send cart data function returns a promise, so we can call catch on it. We catch any errors we might be getting here. And I then dispatch my show notification action with the error in here. And that then handles all kinds of errors that could occur. Now I'm getting some yellow squiggly lines here because cart is no longer the only dependency year. The dispatch function is actually also a dependency now. The dispatch function created by use dispatch. We can safely add it to the dependencies array because React Redux will ensure that this is a function which will never change. So this patch will never trigger this effect to rerun only card changes will. Nonetheless for completeness sake we should add it to get rid of these yellow squiggly lines. And now we are dispatching different notification states depending on the current status we have. With all those changes made, we can save this and we now just need to use this new notification UI state. And I also want to use data and app JS. I already import you as selector. And now I just want to also select my notification status with use selector from the state. So we're drilling into state dot UI dot notification. I get that notification property. And that's either null initially, or it's an object as set by us as this patched by us and therefore now we can use notification to conditionally rendered a notification component and to then provide extra data to the notification component. Now for rendering the notification component, I'll start by importing fragment from React because I want to render the notification components side-by-side to layout since adjacent JSX isn't allowed I'll use fragment and wrap that around layout so that here we can then add notification. And of course they offer import the notification component import notification from slash components, UI notification and only render notification if we have a notification. So now I'll check if notification is truthy and only if it is I render notification. And then I set the status equal to notification dot status. I set the title equal to notification dot title and I'll set the message equal to notification dot message. With all that's done if we now save that code, I get an error, cannot read property UI of undefined. Yeah, because here I'm using use states. I auto completed that incorrectly. That would be used selector. We don't need use state here. So let's switch this to use selectors save again. And now we have the notification right from the start when I reload. The reason for this is that initially sends a cart to request if I reload and I have the network tab open we see there's a cart request being sent to firebase. So the good thing is we see the pending state briefly and then the success States. So that works. But of course we don't want to send the cart stayed right at the beginning because dead will then always override our existing cart on the backend with an empty cart when the app loads. Working around that as simple in app JS I just want to make sure that we don't send the cart when this runs for the first time. And for implementing this we could add a variable here outside of our function maybe name it is initial and set it to true. And I define it outside of my component function so that this does not change. And it's not re initialized if the component renders again, instead this will be initialized when this file is parsed for the first time. So when my application started therefore and that's exactly what I want and we can use his initial here to check if his initial and if that's the case I'll return. I'll not continue so I'll not send my cart data. However, I don't just want to do that but I now also want to set his initial two false so that this will never happen again but it only blocks this cart data from being sent the first time this effect executes so when the application started. With that addition made here, if I reload we don't see the notification. We're not sending that cart request but if I add something to my cart, we have the pending state and then the success state, and that works just fine. Now let's also test the error state by removing dot Jason and therefore breaking that. If we now save this and reload if I add to cart, we see the error state. So that is working exactly as it should. And therefore let's bring back dot Jason. Now, if we reload, we can send data to the cart again. So that is working, but of course we're never fetching that card from firebase and therefore after a reload we still start with an empty cart again because we're not using that firebase data. And of course, that's only one way of handling it putting all that side-effect logic into our component and that's perfectly fine, but there is an alternative. And of course we also want to fetch data.