Now before we start fetching data, let's have a look at the alternative, of putting all that side effect logic into our component. That is perfectly fine, but we learned that it's only one of the two options. The other option would be the usage of an action creator. And that's something we haven't done up to this point. Or actually we kind of did. We are using action creators all the time. Something like this here, is an action creator. We get those action creators automatically by Redux toolkit. And we call them, to create the action objects which we dispatch. So these are these automatically created action creators. Now we can also write our own action creators and we can write them to create so-called thunks. Now what is a thunk? And why might we want to do that? A thunk is simply a function, that delays an action until later, until something else finished. And we could write an action creator as a thunk, to write an action creator, which does not immediately return the action object, but which instead, returns another function which eventually returns the action. So that we can run some other code before we then dispatch the actual action object that we did want to create. This might sound cryptic, but that's a very common pattern and it is easy to implement. So let me show you how it would work. And let's dive into these custom action creators, into these action creator thunks by moving that code for sending carts data, out of the component, though it would be fine there, but to show the alternative, let's move it out of there, and let's move it into an action creator. Now for this, I'll go to cart slice, because I wanna write this custom action creator in that same file, because that is my file for managing the cart. Now to create our own action creator, we can go to the end of that file, after this slice, that's important. So outside of this slice object, and there we can create a new function. Let's maybe name it, send carts data. Now that is a regular function, and therefore, of course, as always you could create it with the function keyword as well. And here let's say we expect the carts data. Now we could write this as a action creator, by now returning an action object in here. So object with a type of, whatever, and maybe some payload. We never did this ourselves, because Redux toolkit, creates these action creators automatically for us, for all those reducer methods. Every method in the reducers object, receives such an action creator, which is called, by using that reducer function name. That's what's inside of these actions here. So we don't need to write, such simple action creators on our own. But we could create, action creator which does not return, such a action object here, but which instead returns another function. And of course in JavaScript, you can write functions that return other functions. Now that would be a function that should receive the dispatch function as a argument. And we'll see where this is coming from in a second. And where inside of this function, we can then therefore, dispatch, the actual action we wanna perform. Like for example, showing a notification or adding a cart item, but before we call dispatch, we can of course do other things, before we call dispatch, we can perform any asynchronous code, any side effects, because we will not yet, have reached our reducer. We're not running this code in a reducer. It's a separate standalone JavaScript function instead. So in our case here, we could go to app JS, and actually grabbed this dispatch action, where we dispatch, show notification, copy it, go to the cart slice, and execute this in here. If were this need to get access to the UI actions, so I will import them, I'll import UI actions from UI slice, from that folder. If we do that, we can dispatch this action from in here. We can then also, copy all that, code here for sending the request and handling the response. And I'll not just copy it. I'll cut it. And I'll remove this, dispatch code because we all did copy to that already. So now here we can execute this down here, after dispatching that first notification. Now I'm using await here. And the great thing is, we can convert this into async function, this function which we returned here, that is fine. Now here we need the cart, here I called it carts data. Let me name, let me call it card here as well, as a parameter. So that we do get that card that should be sent. Now in app JS, we can now also grab the Abra code, like dispatching, this action here, go to cart slice and dispatch. That if we make it past this, if check, and now when it comes to handling the potential errors, I will actually create a new function, send request here, which is async, and put my code or sending the response and handling the response for sending the request and handling the response, inside of this function, so that I can, call, send request here, and await that as well, because it's a async function. It returns a promise. And since we're still inside of this outer function, where we also use async, we can use await here as well. And I know that it's quite some nesting of functions, but this extra nesting here is required because of how to fetch API works. Because now we can, wrap, try catch around this, await block here, and catch any errors that might be frozen from in, from anywhere inside of this function. And then dispatch our error and notification as well. So here all, first of all, dispatch, success ends out of the try block if this succeeds, but if we make it into this catch block instead, I wanna dispatch, this error case instead. So we'll copy that into this catch block. So with that what we're doing, is we're creating a function, send carts data, which immediately, without doing anything else, returns another function, a async function. We don't know yet who will execute that function, but we will soon to know it. But in that function, we then dispatch a notification, action. Then we create a new function, so yet a never nested function, which we create on the fly, which has also async, in there we send the request. This function is then called by us, instead of try-catch, simply to handle any errors. If we don't have an error, we dispatch the success notification. If we do have an error, we dispatch the error notification. So now we created this sent carts data function. How do we now call that function and where. We could of course call it from inside a component, but that's not the idea. Instead in app JS in there, I will clean up the content and use effect. I'll keep, you could use effect though but I'll clean up all the code in there, and I'll get rid of my UI actions import. I actually will keep that, is initial code though, where I return and set his initial to false. I'll keep that. But other than that, I cleaned this up, because now I wanna do something which might look weird at first. I wanna use sent carts data as a action creator. So in app JS, I still wanna dispatch, after this initial check, and I wanna dispatch, this send carts data, action so to say. Therefore I'll export it in cart slice, and then app JS hold an import. I'll import, send cart data so that function which we just exported, from store cart slice, from that file. And then here use effect, I dispatch sent cart data, and I'll execute it and pass my cart as an argument. Now this might look weird. What we dispatched before, always were action creators. So functions that return an action object with a type and so on. Now in cart slice, we are instead dispatching a function that returns another function. But the great thing about Redux, when using Redux toolkit, is that it's prepared for that. It does not just accept action objects with a type property. Instead it also does accept, action creators that return functions. And if it sees, that you're dispatching, a action which is actually a function, instead of action object, it will execute that function for you. So Redux will execute that function for you. And with that function, I mean this function here, it will give us that dispatch argument automatically. So that in that executed function, we can dispatch again, because there's a such a common pattern that we wanna have action creators that can perform side effects. And that can then dispatch Abra actions, which eventually reached the reducers, as part of a flow off side-effects, or as a flow of steps that should be taken. And that's what we have here. So we can use a function that returns another function, as a action as well. That is built into Redux when using Redux toolkit. So this patching this here will work. And when we dispatch, Redux will go ahead, and it will execute this function for us. And therefore all our other actions will be dispatched, and the HTTP request will be sent. So if you save all of that, if we reload here, if I add something to my cart, it works just as before, that still works and firebase, the staff were still being hit, and all the data, is still being stored in there. That still works, because that is a support that pattern by Redux. And why would we wanna use that pattern? Well, it's simply an alternative to having that logic in your component. You can add that logic in your components. You can stick to the approach we had before, but it's also not a bad idea to keep your components lean, to not have too much logic in them. And at the moment, by moving that logic to this action creator function, we did achieve this. This component is now leaner. It only dispatches one action, not multiple actions. It doesn't care about sending the HTTP request, and all the hard work, happens inside of our custom action creator function, in our Redux files. And splitting our recode like this, could be considered good, because it keeps our components lean. That does not mean that the other approach is bad. Both options are viable and that's why I am showing both here.