Now what we learned about funks and funk action creators, so these action creator functions here. Now, did we learn about that, let's build a app action creator that fetches the cart when the application loads. Because at the moment we're only sending data but we never fetched data when the application load. And therefore, if we reload, all our state is still lost and that's of course not the goal. Now we can ride that code in the component or as action creator, but here I now wanna stick to action creators and hence we can add a second function cart slice. But since this file is now getting bigger and bigger, I'm a fan of creating a separate file for that. Let's maybe name it cart-actions.js, of course, the file name is up to you. I'll then copy this sendCartData function, cut it from cart-slice and added it cart-actions and now we need to import UI actions here. So in cart-slice, I'll get rid of that import, cut that and add that in cart-actions instead. And in app.js, we therefore now need to import sendCartsData from store/cart-actions. And then I'll add my app action creator function in this cart-actions file as well. So that could be the fetctCardData function and I'll also export that because we'll need it somewhere else as well. And just as before that will immediately return a function which gets dispatched as an argument and then does something else. Now here we could then also dispatch some notifications if we want to do that, but actually here I'll not do that. Instead I'll create a new function, fetchData, and have nested function which is async because I'll use the fetch API and I wanna wrap a fetchData with try catch it after that's why I'm putting it into a separate function. So then we await fetch action get a response here and wanna fetch by sending a request to that same URL again but this time it should be a get request. So we don't need to add this configuration object then as a second parameter, because I get request is the default, anyways. Instead this time I am now interested in the data, so in the result of calling await response.Json but of course, I also still wanna check if the response is maybe not okay for whatever reason and if that should be the case I'll throw a new error where I say, "could not fetch cart data" something like this. Now, if we make it pass this line of code here though, we have the data and I will then return it here, I'll return it here because that is not a separate nested function. Hence here I'll then try executing fetchData and catch any errors we might be getting. And if we get an error, we still might wanna show the error in notification. So I'll then dispatch this error notification action again down here, but I'll say, "fetching carts data failed." If we however, are the try block or await fetchData, I can do this if I turned this into an async function, which we can, Redux supports that, that dysfunction which we returned here is async. So we can use await here as well and that gives me my cart data then because I'm returning the data which we pass here and there for now I wanna use that cart data to set my cart. Now, the cart data we're fetching, we'll have that format which is stored on Firebase and that's the format which we're sending to Firebase of course. It will be this cart, which we're sending there so it is an object with the items key, with in an array inside and a total quantity key. Which is exactly the format we need here in our front-end as well. Which is no surprise because we are sending that Redux state snapshot as data to the back and at the end. So we automatically get back correctly formatted data here and we don't need to transform that Firebase data first because it has the format, we sent to Firebase earlier. That's different from other sections in the course, here we had to transform Firebase data because there we used post for a sending our data not put as we're doing here and hence we let Firebase create a list of data which turned out to be an object when we fetched it. You might remember that from the HTTP section in the course here with put we're sending our data snapshots to Firebase and Firebase will take it as it is and store it like it is without changing it. So when we then fetch it, we also have to correct structure and hence this cart data is correctly formatted and therefore now, we can use this replace cart reducer, which I provided to you earlier in this module to replace our front-end cart with the cart we're loading from Firebase and replace cart expects a payload which has a total quantity and an items field which is exactly the data structure we're fetching from Firebase. So, in cart-actions, we just wanna import our cart-actions from the cart slice, so these automatically generated actions now. And here, I then wanna dispatch cart-actions replace, not remove, replace cart and pass my carts data as a payload, which as mentioned has the correct structure already. Now we could have done all to show to success notification but I don't wanna do that, I just wanna use the cart data and we're good to go. With all that done, we now just need to call fetch cartData somewhere in our application to start fetching our cartData from Firebase. And again, app.js is probably a good place for that. Here we already have a user fact call and that we wanna start fetching data here if this application loads. We could do that here in this isInitial check because dad will only run if it's the first time that this effect runs. But I think it's cleaner to create a separate effect which simply doesn't have any dependencies and which therefore all they will only run if this component was rendered for the first time and since it's our main component this will only render once. And therefore here we can then dispatch this new cart-action created, this custom cart-action. So this fetchcartData action, I wanna dispatch this here and dispatch as a dependency for completeness sake but as I said, that will never change, so this effect will never rerun and that will dispatch this whenever our application starts. Hence if you saved this and reload you'll see that this gets populated. But you'll also notice that for some reason we also see sent cart data successfully here and we are sending a request to Firebase for storing the cart data again. So we're fetching it, as we can tell we have our cart data here and if I change it and reload, we see we fetch that change to data, but at the same time we seem to be sending it again. And do you know why? we are sending it again because in app.js we have this effect for sending the cart data which we'll execute whenever the carts changed. The problem is when we fetched the carts data, once fetching is done, we replaced a cart, right? We replaced a cart here with that fetched data, that changes the cart inside of Redux. Now, since that cart then changed we triggered this app effect and send the cart data again. So how can we now work around that?