So, now our cart is working correctly and we learned a lot about where to put code how to run async code with Redux and how to handle side effects. And we spent a lot of time on that because it is an important topic and knowing your options there is extremely important. I can't emphasize this enough. It's important to understand how that works. But besides handling async tasks and side effects with Redux and understanding where to put our code there was another important topic I wanted to have a look at in this module. And that would be the Redux Devtools. These are extra tools which we can use which make debugging Redux and our Redux state a bit easier. Because in more complex applications with a lot of Redux state handled by a lot of different slices and a lot of different actions going on it can be difficult to find errors in your debug state in the order of your actions and so on. And sometimes it might be interesting to look into the current state of your overall Redux store without having to dive into different parts of the UI to verify that everything works correctly. And that is what we can use the Redux Devtools for. You can simply search for Redux Devtools and you'll find a GitHub repository about the Redux Devtools and the Redux Devtools can be used and installed as a browser extension. You can always install them as a stand alone app but I personally find the browser extension easiest to use. So, here I'm on Chrome so I'll pick that Chrome browser extension and here you can install this Chrome extension. Now, I already do have it installed. You can install it with a click of a button and once you did so, you will be able to use it right away. When using Redux without Redux toolkit you had to set up some extra code to make Redux Devtools work. With Redux tool kit it will conveniently work out of the box and you should then have access to that extension. Now, here I have an in cognitive tab open and there I don't have access to my extensions so, I'll quickly run the application in a standard Chrome tab again and when I do so I have this Redux Devtools icon here or in the browser Devtools you also should find Redux here as an option. And if you open that it will open this Redux Devtools panel here and now here, you have insights into your Redux store into your actions and much more. On the left side, you for example, see the actions that were dispatched. And if I reload, we see that's in it and replace cart. In it, is this automatically dispatched first action that applies all your initial states to Redux so that initializes the store and replace card was dispatched because we fetched the card initially. Now, if I add something to the card, you see add item to cart was dispatched and our show notification actions which makes sense because these are all the actions which are being dispatched when we add an item. First add item to cart it's dispatched and when that card state then changed user App.js kicks in and dispatches send card data that's not locked because that itself is not an action type but instead as part of send card data we then do dispatch these notification actions which is why we see them here as well. And you can click on those actions to get insights into the data that was transported by that action and how that changed your state. You see the data, if you click on action there you see the payload off the action and this unique identifier. Here, we can also see the automatically created unique identifiers Redux toolkit gives us as you see it's basically your slice name. So, in card it's this slice name and then the method name of this reducer method that is the unique identifier created by Redux toolkit and then here we have our payload. We also see how the state looks like there after. So, how the state looks after this action was performed and we see how it was updated if we click on diff. Therefore add item to cart we see that the total quantity was changed from six to seven changed one set from false to true and in the items we see that the quantity of that first item changed and so on. So, that's super useful to understand the impact of your actions. You can even do something which is called time traveling. You can jump to an older state like this one by clicking on it and then clicking on jump and you see now the notification is gone and we're back to the card with six items. And we can then start debugging here again if we want to and we can then also jump back to a newer state if we want to. So, that can be really convenient and therefore the Redux Devtools are a piece of software I can only encourage you to use and play around with to get deeper insights into your Redux store and to debug your Redux behavior and fully understand what's going on.