Maximilian: Now that we know what state is and now that we also understand how we can listen to events, we can continue working on this application and turn this more and more into an expense tracker. And one important piece is missing. For example, well, the capability to gather user input For example, well, the capability to gather user input so that users can add their own expenses. so that users can add their own expenses. This sounds fairly important for an expense tracker and up to this point, that's not possible. So that's what we'll work on next. And for that, I will, first of all, add new components and I'll add a new category of components. You could say, because thus far the expense components we have here are about outputting expenses about showing these expenses here. about outputting expenses about showing these expenses here. Now I want to gather user input and therefore I'll add a new sub folder in the components folder and I'll simply name it new expense because ultimately that will be what the components here are about. About gathering the input for a new expense. And therefore in here we can add a new expense started JS file, which will hold the new expense component in the end and inside of this new expense component in the end and inside of this new expense component I want to render a form where users can enter their expense data. So here I'll add the new expense const where we have our component function. where we have our component function. And of course I export new expense here to make it available And of course I export new expense here to make it available and we can import react from react. As I mentioned, you technically don't need to add it. I covered this in the last course section I covered this in the last course section but I will still add it here. Since you will see that in many react projects. And I want to again, make it clear that JSX under the hood uses this react library. Now, as I mentioned, the goal with this component is to return a form in the end. A form for our inputs. A form for our inputs. And I also want to provide some styling around that form. So I'll first of all, return a div. And then inside of that, div return a form. Now we're speaking of styling, we can also add a NewExpense.css file we can also add a NewExpense.css file and you find that file attached. You can either just paste into style to find there or simply replace your NewExpense.css file with mine. or simply replace your NewExpense.css file with mine. And then of course, make sure you import NewExpense.css. And then of course, make sure you import NewExpense.css. And that's all something you learned about in the last course section. That's all not directly related to state or user input, of course, but we'll get there. So now that we got this imported, let's add the new expense CSS class to this div and let's now work on the form. and let's now work on the form. And actually I'll take that form and put it into a separate component just so that the form logic lives in its own component. And this component is really lean again, And this component is really lean again, not something you have to do, but something I will do here. And I did talk about splitting components in the last core section as well. So we can add expense form JS file and in there So we can add expense form JS file and in there create an expense form component function like this. create an expense form component function like this. And then of course also export that function expense form like this. And if you want import react from react, even though it's not technically required, and I'll also set though it's not technically required, and I'll also set up some styles, so I'll add a expense form CSS file up some styles, so I'll add a expense form CSS file and you'll also find that file attached and you can replace yours with it. And then just as we saw it, multiple times, And then just as we saw it, multiple times, import that CSS file, the expense form CSS file. And now here in the expense form component I will return this form element and in there will then structure this form. Now, when it comes to structuring the form for gathering expense data, I want to let users enter a title. enter a title. I want to let them enter a date or pick a date with a date picker. with a date picker. And of course users should be able to enter the amount so And of course users should be able to enter the amount so we'll need three input fields and for styling reasons I'll put every input field in a div where the div has I'll put every input field in a div where the div has a class of new dash expense underscore underscore controls. Or to be precise, that's actually a div which will hold all inputs but then I'll create another div in there with a clause of new dash expense underscore underscore control for a single input. And in there, we can now set up a label, for example title for the first input, and then add an input title for the first input, and then add an input of type text like this as a self-closing tag here in react because these input elements don't have any content between the opening and closing tags. So we can and should write it as a self-closing tag and react. Now that's how we can create a first input here. Now that's how we can create a first input here. And of course, these are all just default HTML elements nothing reacts specific here, but we're soon going to add listeners to wait for user input. And we're soon going to manage some state with that. So this is some crucial groundwork which we have to do first. which we have to do first. Now we can copy this div with the label and title and duplicate it to also have a input for the amount and duplicate it to also have a input for the amount the type here could be number. And we could set a minimum, a minimum value And we could set a minimum, a minimum value of zero dot zero one and set up a step of zero dot zero one as well. and set up a step of zero dot zero one as well. And these are just default HTML attributes for input elements which control how this element can be used. And last but not least I'll replicate the div One more time to also provide an input for the date set the type here to date set the type here to date and this will then automatically give us a date picker. And I will also set up a min date and set this to January 1st, 2019 and add a max date which I'll set to 2022 and there December 31st. which I'll set to 2022 and there December 31st. And I'm picking this min and max date because later we also want to add a filter where we only provide the years 2019 to 2022 for filtering. So I want to make sure that these are also the only years expenses can be set to. Of course you can play around with these values. These are just some example values I'm working with here. Now we got all these inputs. We now also need a button to submit the form We now also need a button to submit the form and therefore right before the form closes I'll add a new div next to the other div, which holds the controls. And in there, I'll add a new expense actions class like this new dash expense underscore underscore actions. And then in there add a button where we say add expense like this, and I'll set the type of this button to submit so that when this button is pressed of this button to submit so that when this button is pressed since it's inside of this form, this form will be submitted. Now, there was a lot of work on the expense form. Now we can use the expense form in the new expense component and therefore we of course want to import our expense form functional component. So this component function, we import this from new expense dot JS without the file extension like this. And then here, we can just render this and add it as an HTML element in our new expense function body in our new expense function body so that the new expense component will render the expense form component. That should be expense form of course, my bad. So expense form is being rendered here. And now when I rendered this entire new expense component in the App JS file, because in there in the end we're combining all these components. So here I'll import new expense from dot slash components slash new expense slash new expense. components slash new expense slash new expense. That's the path to this new expense JavaScript file. And then here, finally, instead of this dummy age to tech we can render new expense like this. If we now saved this, this doesn't load because I have an error in the new expense JavaScript file. I'm importing expense form from new expense that's of course not correct. from new expense that's of course not correct. I should be importing from expense form. That's where this component lives. Otherwise I create an infinite loop and that's this page that's causing this page, not to load. Now, this works after changing this and restarting the server and revisiting local host 3000. And now we have this form here at the top, which is great. Now we added the component but the component is not doing anything. My next goal is now to make sure that we gather the inputs. The user chooses here may be on every keystroke or basically whenever the value in one of these inputs changes so that we can, for example locked us to the console for a start. And that then as a next step when the form is submitted, we step in in our code and we take these Gavart input values and combine them into a new expense object.