Instructor: Now we spent a lot of time on this state here and it showed a lot of alternatives but up to this point of course we're not doing too much with that state. That's what I wanna change now, though. Now I wanna make sure that this form can be submitted when this button is pressed when this button is pressed and that then we basically gather these different state slices here and combine them into one object which for the moment is then just locked to the console but which we can use for different things later and therefore we wanna listen to the form being submitted. Now we could add a click listener here to this add expense button but this would not be the best way of listening here the best way of listening here because indeed there is a default behavior built into the browser and built into forums on web pages. and built into forums on web pages. If a button, especially with type submit is pressed inside of a form, this overall form element will emit an event to which we can listen to which we can listen and that's the submit event. So it's on this form where I wanna react to on submit and then execute some function whenever this form is being submitted. Now that's a function I'll add here and I'll name it, submit handler like this, add that here, we just point at submit handler as we did it for all the other events as well. Now, the thing here is that I just said that this is a default browser behavior and unfortunately, a part of this default browser behavior is that if you do click this button, the page reloads because the browser actually automatically sends a request whenever a form is submitted to the server which is hosting this webpage. So in this case to this development server to this development server and that's not what we want here. Instead here, we wanna handle this form submission with Java script and manually collect with Java script and manually collect and combine the data and do something with it. Thankfully we can disable or prevent this default behavior because we again get an event object here, automatically just as for the change events for the change events and on this object, we can call a prevent default method. This is built into JavaScript nothing reacts specific this default JavaScript behavior. We can prevent the default of this request being sent of this request being sent and since that request is not sent the page will now also not reload because we stay on the currently loaded page without sending any request anywhere and we can continue handling this with Java script. So they offer now we can create our let's say expense data object here let's say expense data object here and now we'll combine all that entered data. Of course, if you used this one state instead of free States approach you already have such a combined object but I don't have that here. So I will now create it once the form is submitted and simply add a title here and simply add a title here and set this to the value stored in the entered title state, add an amount property and set this to entered amount and set this to entered amount and a date property and actually set this to a new date, constructing a new date with the built in date constructor with the built in date constructor to which then in turn I passed the entered date which will parse that date string and converted into a date object. Now these property names here, title, amount and date are up to you because this is your object. because this is your object. This year, of course entered title, entered amount and entered date points at these state variables so to say. If you used the combined approach you also might wanna remap the property names because later in the app, I will rely on having a title amount and date property name. a title amount and date property name. So make sure that these property names exist and hold the correct value and then for the moment I will just console log expense data so that we can see that. Now, if we reload this and enter test and 1299 and then pick some date here if I click add expense, that's looking good. We've got this object, which has all that data stored. which has all that data stored. So this now all the works and we are reacting to the form submission. Now, I also wanna clear the inputs to delete the entered values when that form is submitted.