Maximilian: Now, that's it for this section. In the last section, we again implemented two way binding as part of the assignment. Actually it was a bonus section of the assignment I would say, but again, we added two way binding and we did something which has an official term in React which I don't wanna hide from you. We created a controlled component We created a controlled component and it's not the first time we did that. Basically, whenever you use two way binding you are controlling a component but here we're controlling our own custom component. Now, what does this mean? It means that a value which is used in the component like the value selected in the dropdown like the value selected in the dropdown is passed on to a parent component, through props and is received from the parent component. Both the currently set value, as well as the function which in the end handles the selected value is not part of expenses filter. handles the selected value is not part of expenses filter. handles the selected value is not part of expenses filter. Expenses filter is really just a component that presents DUI, that presents the dropdown and then attaches a couple of listeners or props, and then attaches a couple of listeners or props, but the real logic recites in the parent component and that turns ExpensesFilter into something which is called a controlled component. Now, technically there is no difference. ExpensesFilter is still a regular component as you learned it. as you learned it. It's just a special term that when you see it basically means what I just explained that both the value, as well as changes to the value are not handled in the component itself but in a parent component. but in a parent component. This component controls the expenses filter component. And that's just a term which you should be aware of. And that's just a term which you should be aware of. Another term or another concept you should be aware of because you might hear it from time to time is about presentational verses stateful components or stateless versus stateful components or stateless versus stateful components or dumb versus smart components. or dumb versus smart components. There are a lot of terms for that, but what do they mean? It simply means that in basically all React apps which you're building, you will have a couple of components that manage some state you will have a couple of components that manage some state like this expenses component which manages this filter state or the expense form component which manages the input state. or the expense form component which manages the input state. And then you will have other components which don't manage any state, like expense item which don't manage any state, like expense item if we remove the button, which we should do because it was just there for demo purposes. If we remove it, we can also remove the useState call and we should remove it. and we should remove it. We can also remove that and that and if we do all of that, and we set this here back to props title, then this is a state less component as it should be. then this is a state less component as it should be. This component is a state less component also called presentational or dumb component because it doesn't have any internal state it's just there to output some data. And in most react applications, you will have more presentational and dumb components than smart or stateful components. than smart or stateful components. So even though dumb might sound negative and it might sound like stateful components are better, that's not the case. that's not the case. These are really just terms and typically you end up with less state full components than with state less components. than with state less components. Because you wanna split up your application into small reusable pieces and most pieces, most components indeed will only focus on outputting something, indeed will only focus on outputting something, on having some JSX code, maybe some transformation logic like this here and maybe some CSS code, but it's only a couple of components which typically do manage state. which typically do manage state. And then this state is spread out and distributed through props in the end, like here in the expenses component where we managed to filter state and then we pass the filtered year. So this state value through props, back to expenses filter. So this state value through props, back to expenses filter. This is a standard pattern which you'll see a lot that you manage state and a couple of components, and then you might pass that around to other components. And that's basically it for this module. What you learned here again, was super important. So make sure it's clear to you, make sure you understand what state is and how you can handle events and how you can pass data from a child to a parent component. And with all of that, combined with the core section before we are recovered components in general, we're now prepared to dive into the next core section and basically conclude the hard core of React basics. But the next section again will be super important because it will be about Lists and Conditional Content.