This course was updated. That's why I created this video because in this video, I'll explain why the course was updated, what exactly changed, and what that means for you? How you should proceed with that course depending on your current course progress? And I'll of course also explore what happens to the old course content now that the course was updated? Now I also wanna mention right away that attached to this lecture, you find these slides and you find a link to a document where I explain this update in greater detail and where I also have section-specific information where I explain what changed in those different sections and how you should proceed if you're currently in one of these sections. And any section that's not mentioned here, simply didn't change. But before we'll take a look at all these things in greater detail, there are a couple of key things I wanna clarify right away. And the most important thing I wanna clarify is that you get this update for free. Existing students get it for free because the new content which I recorded is inserted into this existing course. That being said, the old content is also still available though. I did not delete it. So if you are currently taking the course, you can simply continue and I'll explain how you should continue in greater detail in just a second. Another really important thing I wanna clarify right away is that React did not change. I did not update the course because React changed and you therefore don't have to restart the course or anything like that. What you learned still applies. Instead, I did update it to make it better because in a huge course like this with so many students, I of course, thankfully get a lot of feedback and I of course, try to pick up that feedback and make the course better over time. That being said, though, if currently taking the course or if you finished the course, you can ignore the update nonetheless, because again, the old course also taught you React in a great way, the new version just is hopefully a bit better because I tried to incorporate all that feedback I got. But again, I'll get back to how you should proceed depending on your current course progress in just a second. Before I get there, it's also really important to understand that only parts of the course were updated. It's roughly the first half of the course, around 24 hours of content that I replaced with new content. Though replaced is really in quotes here because as I mentioned before, as of now, I haven't removed that old content. So at the moment you have both, the new and the old content, and I'll also get back to what happens to that old content in just a second. Now, the other half of the course, the later sections of this course, as you will learn later, was not updated because I did actually already update significant parts of the course earlier this year, earlier in 2023 for example, I completely rerecorded the routing and authentication sections there, and therefore, this part of the course really didn't need any updates. So I just updated the first half so that now the overall course is better and more up to date. And therefore, let's now explore how you should proceed and what that update means for you if you haven't started the course yet, if you're currently taking the course or if you finished the course in the past. And again, I did also prepare this extra document which you'll find attached where you'll also find all these information and more details, and a section by section guide where I tell you how you can proceed if you're in a specific section. I can tell you right away though that no matter where you currently are in this course, I did create and provide that update such that it has a minimal impact on your learning progress and that you can simply continue taking the course and you're not interrupted, and you therefore get the best of both worlds. New content which you can use without having to restart and losing all your progress. Now, to explain how you should continue depending on your current course progress, let's take a look at what changed with this update, so in the course structure. And for that, let's take a look at the old course structure. And here, I wanna mention that this slide doesn't actually include all the sections this course has because there are too many, but it contains the first couple of sections you find in the course. And here it's actually, as I mentioned, just a part of the course that is affected by the update. Now, this might look like more than the first half, but keep in mind that not all sections are on that slide. There are more sections in this course, they just didn't fit onto this slide. Therefore, we can actually also group them into a new more sections box here on the slide and it's now only these sections in the old course content that are affected by the updates. And here is how this structure changed with that update. And on first site, this might look like everything changed, so many arrows, so many boxes, but actually, I took great care that the new course structure is pretty much the same as the old structure. As you can see, if you take a closer look at this right side of the slide, it's generally the same structure, the biggest changes to the overall course structure really are that those basic course sections that I had in the old structure were merged into three React essentials course sections which covered the same content in a slightly different order and with better examples, and hopefully in a better way. And that one practice project was removed, but on the other hand, a new one was added. In addition, the handling side effects, reducers, and context section that I had in the old course, was now also split up into two sections, but it's still at the same place in the overall course structure. And therefore in the end, the overall course structure is the same which means that if you are currently taking the course, you can simply continue in the section where you are. You don't have to restart or anything like that. Now, I did move these old basic sections and this one removed project section to the end of the course now, so that new students who are just getting started with the course automatically dive into these React essentials sections and are not interrupted by these old basic sections. That being said, these old basic sections are still there. They're still in the course, they just moved to the end of the course, so if you currently are in one of these sections, you can simply continue with them. Once you reach the end of the rendering lists and conditional content section, you just should then jump back to the earlier parts of the course and continue with the styling React components section. But I took great care to add text lectures at key parts in the course. For example, at the end of this rendering lists and conditional content section which contain links on which you can click, which take you right to the place where you should continue. For all the other sections that were not moved to the end of the course so that stayed in the place where they are, I added the new content simply by inserting new lectures into these existing sections in front of the old lectures that were in these sections. And I added a legacy content below a separator lecture to all these sections to mark the place where the old content begins, which means, that when you went through that new updated content you can ignore all the remaining lectures in that section after that separator lecture and simply continue with the next section. But again, that separator lecture will always contain a link on which you can click, which will then take you right away to that next section with which you should continue. And therefore, in the end, if you haven't started the course yet or if you're just at the beginning of it, let's say in the JavaScript refresher section, you can simply continue and you'll automatically go through all the updated content. Just ignore those legacy lectures, they will of course eventually be removed, but I'll get back to that later. If you're currently taking the course, you can simply continue until you meet one of these lectures I added where you can then click on a link to be taken to the updated content so you will automatically switch to the updated content at some point. You can, of course, if you want, restart or if you are in one of these basic sections here, you could, for example, jump back to the beginning of the new React essentials sections and restart with that if you want and have the time, but you don't have to do that because again, that old content is not wrong or anything like that, it does teach you React in the correct way. The new content is just slightly better, hopefully, but you can also simply continue and automatically at some point gets switched to the new updated content. Now, if you did finish the course already in the past, you can therefore, of course, also just ignore the update though of course, you also might want to explore the new content the new demo projects, maybe the new React essentials sections to use them as a refresher, but you don't have to do that. Now, what's important to understand is that this update will impact your course progress though, since a lot of new lectures and some new sections were added and I did insert them into this existing course, your course progress, of course, is affected by that. And by the way, Udemy simply doesn't give me a better way of providing such updates. It doesn't give me any better updating process if I wanna provide an update for free, which I do want and therefore I have to add this new content to the existing course. But therefore, your course progress will be affected, but you can easily fix it since you can mark lectures as completed manually in the course curriculum. And you should simply do that with the lectures you're ignoring. So if you meet such a legacy content below separator, you should mark those old lectures which you are now skipping as completed or if you just completed that old content and you're ignoring the new content for that section, you should do the opposite. And therefore, your course progress will accurately reflect your actual progress again. Now, of course, nonetheless, this old content which is still part of the course will eventually become a problem because at some point all students will be in the new content and the old content will not be needed anymore, but will still affect your course progress. And of course, it also unnecessarily bloats the course at some point. That's why I'll only keep it around for a limited timeframe. Though, if I do see a lot of consumption of these old lectures at that point of time, this transition time period where I keep around the old content will be prolonged to mid January. Now, I will always communicate before I delete the old content and therefore I do recommend that you check the course announcements regularly. I know that if you're enrolled through Udemy's business program, you don't get my announcement emails and you should therefore always take a look at that tab to not miss any important messages I'm sending, for example, a message where I do announce the removal of the old content. No worries though, even after I unpublished these old lectures, I'll still make sure that you get access to the old videos. I will attach them to a lecture which you find right after this lecture here from which you can download old lecture videos. So once the old content is unpublished, you can get it from that lecture after this lecture. And those attachments will stick around, I will not remove them. Speaking of removal and deleted lectures to make room for all this new content, I did have to unpublish some lectures right away unfortunately, because of technical restrictions from Udemy's side. And therefore, I did actually remove the old animation lectures which I had in the animation course section because I did update this section with framer motion content earlier this year already and I did now remove the old animation lectures which were from a couple of years ago. And I did also remove the "Replacing Redux with React Hooks" section since it didn't see a lot of consumption and I did need to make room for that update. So you find the videos of those lectures which I did have to remove attached to that next lecture after this lecture. And therefore, that's it for this, of course, pretty comprehensive information video which hopefully helps you understand the update and which helps you get the most out of this course. As mentioned, attached, you find more detailed written documents if you did forget something or if you simply wanna look up certain pieces of information again. And therefore, I hope you're enjoying the course and you're getting a lot out of this course.