In this lecture, we are going to talk about the most crucial methods in the collections utility class. So we have been talking a bit about the collections class. When we have been dealing with sorting operation. It is a class that contains static methods exclusively and there are several useful methods. So for example, I had the tendency to implement several methods from scratch that's included in the collections class. So we are going to talk about unmodifiable collections. And we are going to talk about how to synchronize collections. So these are going to be topics in the coming lectures. But what's crucial that we have several crucial methods. Of course we can sort the underlying collection. This is what we have been talking about in the earlier chapter. We can shuffle the underlying collection, which means that we can randomly permutate the specified list using the default source of randomness. Or we can call the reverse method that's going to reverse the order of the items in the specified list. We can use the replace all method in order to replace all occurrences of one specified value in the list with another. So these are quite complicated methods to implement from scratch, and it is present in the collections class. So first of all, let's create a list just for demonstration purposes. For example integers. We have a new array list okay. So if we instantiate it like this then first of all we have to import Java.util.list and Java.util.arraylist. Let's insert some items. So we insert one and then let's insert a few more items. For example we have ten, we have five, we have eight, we have two and we have three finally. So what we can do is that first of all we can print out. So system out and println the ArrayList itself. Then of course we have the items in the order in which we have inserted them. But we can use for example collections. So we can reverse the order of the collections. If we call collections dot reverse. And of course we have to specify nums. And if we use something like this, we save and run it. Then as you can see, the order has been changed. We have three, two, eight, five, ten and one. So this is going to be the order because we have called the reverse method. Okay. Of course we can find the minimum. So min and max finding we don't have to implement it from scratch because we can print out. So system out and print and the collections dot minimum as far as the Nums array list is concerned. So if we use something like this then we can get the minimum item which is equals to one. Of course we can get the maximum item which is equals to ten in our example. So as you can see it is working fine. We can call the shuffle method. So we can shuffle the underlying collection. We just have to call the collections dot That shuffle. So if we use something like this, of course we can use list interfaces exclusively. We save and run it. Then as you can see it is going to be shuffled, which means that the order of the items have changed at random. Okay, so this is how we can shuffle. And this operation is quite useful. So I'm not sure whether you are familiar with Bogosort, for example, but Bogosort relies heavily on random permutations of the underlying array. Of course, we can implement the Fisher-yates algorithm from scratch, but of course it is much more convenient to use the shuffle method of the collections class. Okay, so this is how we can shuffle the underlying list. And sometimes it is crucial to rotate the underlying list so we can call the collection rotate. Then we provide the list. And if we define one then what's going to happen if we save and rerun the application? First of all, make sure that we comment out the reverse because it is going to be a bit easier to track what's happening under the hood. So the original array was one, ten, five, eight, two and three. And because we have specified one, it means that one has become the second item, ten has become the third item five has become the fourth item. And of course the last item has become the first item. So three, then one, ten, five, eight and finally two. If we define two here, then what's going to happen? Of course Java is going to shift the values two steps downwards. So one is going to be the third item, ten is going to be the fourth item, then five eight. And of course the last items are going to be the first items. Okay. So if we use the names dot size then of course we end up with the same collection we have started with. Okay, so there is no need to use something like this, but we can shift all the items with a specified value. And of course we can use another important method. This is the replace method. So replace the items. It is quite hard to implement an efficient replace algorithm from scratch. So this is why we can use collections dot replace all. So if we have replace all. First of all we have to define the underlying data structure. Then we have to define the value. For example we would like to make sure that there's going to be two items with value one. And we would like to change it. So one will be replaced by ten. So if we use something like this and we save and rerun, then as you can see the items with value one have been updated to value ten. So the first item has been updated to ten and the second last item has been updated to ten. So these methods are quite useful. And this is exactly the reason why I wanted to talk a bit about the collections class, because there are several useful methods. You don't have to implement these methods from scratch because it is included in the collections class. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about other methods from the collections class. Thanks for watching.