In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to use collections utility class with custom objects. So let's assume that we have a class person. And within this person class we have several field variables such as the name such as the integer age just for demonstration purposes. So in the constructor we can define the name and we can define the age. So let's set the name to be the name and the age to be the age. Then I would like to override the two string method. And just for demonstration purposes I return with this dot name plus some spacing and this dot age. So if we use something like this and let's assume that we create a list of person objects. Acts. These are the people. And by the way, we can use arrays as list. And here we can instantiate new person objects. For example name is Adam and the age is 34. Of course we have to import Java.util.list. And then I would like to add a few more person objects. So for example we have Joe, we have Kevin and we have Anna with age 12. Then we have 76 and we have for example eight. What if we would like to use collections dot min and we would like to find the minimum within this list of person objects. Of course, as usual, somehow we have to notify Java that. What is the criteria? We would like to make that comparison. So the minimum value can be the minimum age or. For example, we are looking for the first name when sorting the person objects in alphabetical order based on the name parameter. So this is exactly why we have the comparable interface. So here we can define as usual that we compare person objects with person objects. So let's add the unimplemented compare to method. And here we can define the logic however we want. Essentially we can define the relationship between the two person objects. For example I would like to use integer dot compare based on this dot age and the other person get age. And as usual we have to generate the getters. So public string getname and I return with this dot name. And let's implement the getter. So public integer get age for the age parameter return with this dot age. So if we use something like this then this is how we notify Java that whenever it has to compare person objects. Then the Compareto method is called under the hood. And it makes the comparison based on the age parameter. So now if we want to get the minimum out of the person objects, then it returns with the person that has the minimum age parameter. So if I save and run the application, then we will get Joe, because Joe has the smallest age parameter and as you can see it is working fine. What if we would like to find the maximum person in this case? Kevin is the result because Kevin. Related H parameter is the largest value. What if we would like to make the comparison based on the name? We can use this dot name dot compare to other person dot get name. So this is how we notify Java that whenever comparing person objects, it should make the comparison based on the alphabetical order of the names essentially. So the maximum value is the person object where the name parameter is the last one in the alphabetical order. This is why Kevin is the maximum value. So if I rerun the application, it is working fine. The minimum is the first person object in the alphabetical Medical order based on the name parameter that is Adam. And by the way, I can use the sort method. And if I sort the people objects, of course we have to cut paste it here. It means that the list itself will be sorted based on the comparative method. So based on the names in alphabetical order. And then we can print out the people. And if we run the application then Adam and Joe and Kevin, it is the alphabetical order of person objects based on the name related field variables. So essentially it is the alphabetical order of names, because this is how we define the Compareto method. So we can use the collections utility class with custom objects as well. Thanks for watching.