In this lecture we will talk about another important feature of the collections class. So in the previous lectures we have been talking about some important methods. And we came to the conclusion that all of the methods are static, as you can see. So we can access these methods without instantiating the class. And in this lecture we are going to talk about the Unmodifiable collection method. So we have Unmodifiable collection, Unmodifiable list, Unmodifiable map, Unmodifiable set, and so on. These methods return an Unmodifiable view of the specified collection. Let's take a look at why is it so crucial? So for example, if I create a list of integers so we have nums as a new ArrayList. Okay. So first of all let's import Java.util.list Java.util.arraylist. And I am going to insert some items. So let's add ten for example. And then I am going to add for example 20 and 30. If we create another method because we call it from the static main method. Of course, we have to make sure that it is static as well. So public static void for example modify and we get a list of integer. Here. For example we can remove a given item. For example we can remove the first item of the data structure. So if we call the modify method with nums as the input. And after that we print out System.out.println. The nums array list. Then of course the first item has been removed because here we are dealing with reference types, which means that despite the fact that we remove that given item in another method, the change is going to be reflected in the original method as well. So here we have created the array list. We have added ten, 20 and 30. And because these are reference types, then Java is going to remove that item from the original list. By the way in Java everything is passed by value, but the value is the reference itself. And this is why the change is reflected in the original method as well. And of course, sometimes we want to avoid it. So it is quite often that we want to make sure that the items are not going to be changed. So a good idea is to make sure that we use the collections dot Unmodifiable list for example. And here we define the nums as the list. And of course it is going to return with a list of integers. So we can use something like this. And if we use something like this then it is going to work fine. So there are no compile time errors. But if we try to execute then of course it is going to work fine because we have to make sure that we call the method after defining it to be an unmodifiable list. So if we use something like this, we save and run the application. Then as you can see, there's going to be a runtime exception Unsupportedoperationexception. And it is going to be the same if we want to add another item to the underlying list data structure. So if we rerun then it is going to be the same. So what's crucial that if we have an unmodifiable list, then we are not able to modify and update the items in the underlying data structure. And of course, we are dealing with unmodifiable lists when we want to guarantee that the user will read the data from the underlying data structure without updating the content. And usually we have the following approach. So if we have, for example, a node class where we store a reference. So we have a private field variable to a list of nodes. These are for example the neighbors. It is quite common in graph algorithms. So if we have something like this of course somehow we have to instantiate that given array list. But anyways, just for demonstration purposes here we set the neighbors to be equals to a new ArrayList. So something like this okay. Make sure that we import the Java.util.arraylist and whenever we create the getter method. So we create a method that's going to get the neighbors. Here we are not going to return with the neighbors explicitly, because if we do something like this, then we are going to return with the ArrayList itself, which means that we can manipulate and we can update the content of the data structure. If we want to make sure that the content is not going to be updated, so we can read from that data structure without updating the content, then usually we use the collections dot unmodifiable list, and this is how we return with the neighbors. And this is how we can guarantee that the content is not going to be updated outside the scope of that given class. So this is quite common in programming that when dealing with the getters and setters, this is when we use collections that are modifiable list or Unmodifiable map or Unmodifiable sets accordingly. Okay, so this is how we can make sure that the underlying data structure content is not going to be manipulated. Thanks for watching.