In this lecture we are going to talk about synchronized collections. So far we have been talking about unsynchronized collections. So most of the classes we have been considering in the previous lectures are unsynchronized, which means that we can use it in a single threaded application. If multiple threads try to manipulate the same data structure, then usually there's going to be problems. Of course, there are some exceptions. For example, the vector class is synchronized. The stack extends the vector. So this is why the stack is synchronized by default. And as far as hashmaps are concerned, the hash table is synchronized by default. But usually we don't use hash tables. So this is the reason why we haven't considered this class in the previous lectures. Because we don't use hash tables nowadays, we use Concurrenthashmap instead, which is a far better solution. By the way, I have a distinct course on multi-threading and parallel computing. So if you are interested in this topic then I suggest checking out that course. Anyways, in this lecture we are going to talk about synchronized collections. In one of the previous lectures we have been talking about the collections class. So this class consists exclusively of static methods that operate on or return collections. So what's crucial that there are several operations we can do. For example, we can transform collections into unmodifiable collections if we want to make sure that the user is not going to modify the underlying data structure. There are several other methods as well. What's crucial that we can transform collections, lists, maps, sets, sorted maps, sorted sets into synchronized collections. So as you can see, for example, the synchronized collection method is going to return the synchronized. So threadsafe collection backed by a specified collection. We can synchronize lists. We can synchronize maps. We can synchronize sets. So there are different methods for different data structures. Okay. So let's take a look at a concrete example. And then we are going to talk about what is the problem with this approach. So first of all let's create a list of integers. These are going to be the numbers. And at the beginning we are going to use standard array list. And then we will come to the conclusion that it is not going to work fine. So if we have multi-threaded environment what does it mean exactly that of course we have multiple threads. So let's create the first thread as a new thread. And of course we have to define a runnable interface. So we have to use something like this. And of course we can define the run method. So this is how we can create a thread with an anonymous inner class. And here for example we are going to iterate while I is less than a thousand and we increment I in every single iteration and we insert a given integer I in every single iteration. So what does it mean exactly? First of all, that there is a typo. Of course. So I is less than a thousand. Okay, I guess it is going to work just fine. So the first thread is going to insert a thousand items into the Nums array list. Of course if we want to simulate multi-threaded environment then of course we need another thread. So the second thread T2 is going to do the same. It is going to insert a thousand items into the same array list. Of course what do we have to do. We have to start the thread. So we have to call the start method on T1. And we have to call the start method on T2. And then we have to wait for the threads to finish execution. This is why the join method came to be. So let's surround it with try catch. And of course, let's make sure that we wait for the second thread to finish execution. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with threads, but this is how we can create a thread. We instantiate a new thread with a new runnable, and this is where we define what's going to be executed in that thread. So we would like to make sure that these operations will be executed independently. And this is why we will start the first thread, the second thread, and then we have to wait for them to finish execution. And after that we print out that the size of array and we append the nums dot size. So if we do something like this we save and try to run the application. Then there's going to be an exception an array index out of bound exception. And the problem is that Java tries to manipulate the same array list with two independent threads. And this is why there's going to be some kinds of exception. What if we use the collections. So collections dot synchronized and we use the synchronized list of course, because ArrayList implements the list interface. So if we use something like this, then as you can see it is going to work fine without any problem. So what does it mean exactly that under the hood the odd and remove methods are synchronized, which means that whenever the first method manipulates the synchronized list, then the second thread has to wait for the first thread to finish that given operation, and vice versa whenever the second thread tries to insert that given item, then the first thread has to wait for this operation to be finished. By the way, it is the intrinsic clock, so every single thread is going to take the intrinsic clock. And this is how this synchronization is handled under the hood. Again, if you are interested in multi-threading and parallel computing then I have a distinct course on this topic because it is quite complicated at first glance. So if you want to understand that, for example, what is intrinsic clock, then feel free to check out my course on multithreading and parallel computing. What's crucial that synchronize list is not the most efficient solution because of intrinsic lock, which means that not that efficient because threads have to wait for each other even when they want to execute independent methods and operations. So if we have two methods that are totally independent of each other, and we are using the intrinsic lock of the actual object, then the two threads must wait for each other to finish execution, despite the fact that those operations can be executed independently. So this is why this is not the most efficient solution. And the efficient solution has something to do with concurrent collections. Okay, so if you want to make sure that you are going to use the most efficient approach, then you have to consider concurrent collections. And in my other course, we are talking about concurrent collections a lot. In this lecture we just talk about the synchronized list. And as you can see, we can solve this problem quite efficiently because now we can insert and we can remove items from an array list with multiple threads. Because we use the collections synchronized list. And under the hood Java is going to use intrinsic clock in order to make sure that no two threads are going to execute the same method at the same time. Okay. And of course we have to use the methods accordingly. If we want to synchronize the hash map, a linked HashMap or a Treemap, then of course we have to use synchronized map method. If we are dealing with sets such as hash sets, linked hash sets or three sets, then we have to use synchronized set method so we can synchronize collections with the help of these. Synchronized list. Synchronized map synchronized set methods. Thanks for watching.