So let's talk about the collections homework related problem as far as cache implementation is concerned. So we are going to create few classes. First of all we are going to use a pair. It is going to be in the package com dot global software support. And this pair is going to represent the given URL. So the website and the given data. So the content of the given website. So we are going to use private string for the URL. And we are going to store the content of the website in a given string just for demonstration purposes. So we are going to have a public pair constructor. Of course we have to define the string URL and the string data. And we are going to set the URL to be the URL. And this dot data is equals to the data. And then we are going to generate getters. So public string get URL something like this. It is going to return this dot URL. Okay. And we generate a getter. So public string get data and we return with this dot data okay. And finally we override the two string method. So the two string method is a public string two string. And it is going to return with pair. And we define the URL. So plus URL plus some spacing like this we print out the data. And finally we use something like this. So it is going to be the overridden two string method. So whenever we print out a pair then the two string method is going to be called. So we print out pair with the URL and the data itself concatenated with a dash. So this is how we are going to store the URL such as w-w-w dot facebook.com. And we store uh data which is the content of the given website. So we are going to create a new class for the cache. And the cache is going to have several methods. First of all, we use an underlying data structure. And we are going to use a list storing pair objects. So it is going to be the cache. And in the constructor we can instantiate the cache as a new ArrayList. So we are going to use an array list as an underlying data structure for storing the given pairs the URL so the websites and the website related data so the content itself. So let's import Java.util.list and the concrete implementation that is the array list okay. And we have two methods. Public void search for a given item in the cache. So we will get a string URL. And first of all we define a pair. So the search item because of course we have to check whether the item we are looking for is already present in the cache or not. If the given URL is already present in the cache, then we are going to rearrange the array list, and otherwise if the URL is not present in the cache, then we are going to insert it into the cache. And what's crucial that the capacity. So private static final integer capacity is equals to five. What does it mean that we are able to store up to five items in the cache. So this is why we define the capacity. And if there is another URL we search for, then the last item is going to be removed from the cache, which means that we are able to store up to five items in this underlying array list as the cache. So first of all, we check if the given URL is already searched for in previous searches. So what do we have to do? We have to consider the pairs stored in the cache, and if the pair get URL equals to the URL we are looking for, then we know for certain that that given URL is already present in the cache. So the searched item is equals to the actual pair. So after that, we have to check that if the given item is already present in the cache, what do we have to do? We have to check whether the searched Item is not equals to a null. Okay, then what do we have to do. So this search item is this one. Sorry for that typo. We just have to update the cache because recently surged items are at the beginning of the ArrayList. So what do we have to do. In this case we are going to remove the given item. So we will remove the searched item from the ArrayList. And then we are going to add the given search item with index zero. So search item with index zero. So basically this is how we are going to make sure that recently search items are going to be at the beginning of the ArrayList with index zero. Okay. And else we know that the URL is not present in the cache, so it means that it is the first time we search for a given URL. In this case, what do we have to do? We have to instantiate a new pair object. So new pair is a new pair with the given URL. And we are going to use some random string. So random content for the given URL. Just for demonstration purposes we have to deal with the capacity. So if the cache size is greater or equals to the capacity, then we remove the last item from the cache. What does it mean that we have to use the capacity minus one. So this is how we remove items from the cache if necessary, and otherwise we have to check. We have to check whether is it the first item in the array we would like to insert. Okay, so we have to check that if the cache size is equals to zero. So it is the first item we try to insert. Then we or the given item to the list. So the new pair and otherwise we know for certain that there are already items present in the cache. So we have to order the new item with index zero. So I'm sure you pose the question that okay, why do we have to bother with all of this? We can call the cache OD with index zero. But the problem that if array is empty then we are not able to insert with index zero. We have to use OD the new pair. This is how we insert the first item before inserting a given item into the array list. The index zero doesn't exist because the array list is empty. So this is why we have to deal with these cases. And then basically we are finished with the cache implementation. I'm going to implement the helper method public void show cache. It iterates through the cache as far as the pairs are concerned, and we print the line the given pairs. I'm sorry for that. Not here because we have to do it here after the previous method of course. So we can print out the pair because the two string method is going to be called. And this is why we have implemented the two string method. So this is how we can implement a cache. We are going to store up to five items in the underlying array list. We implement the cache with the help of an array list, and we are going to store the recently visited items near the beginning of the array list with index zero. So the first item of the array will represent the recently visited website. So let's see whether it's working fine or not. I'm going to create a class for the application, and I would like to create the public static void main method. So what do we have to do. For example we instantiate a new cache is equals to a new cache. And let's search for W.w.w. Facebook.com. Okay. And I'm going to use several searches for example google.com. After that we search for Amazon.com. After that again we will search for Google. After that we search again for Facebook. After that we search for twitter.com. After that, we search for my website, the Global Software Support.com. After that we will use, for example, Bbc.com. And then we use cnn.com. And I'm going to copy this part of the code and repeat again. So because we are able to store up to five items, of course we are not going to store as many search results as here. We are going to store the five recently visited websites. It is going to work fine, but we have to show the cache. Okay, so let's save and run it. Then we are going to get the five recently visited item and these are going to be Facebook, Google, Amazon, CNN and BBC, which is of course is fine. So the last item was Facebook, then Google, then Amazon, then Google. But Google has already been visited CNN and BBC. So this is how we are able to implement a cash from scratch with the help of a one dimensional array. So basically an array list with the capacity of five. Of course, if we manipulate the capacity and we just store three items, of course we rerun the algorithm, then Facebook, Google and Amazon is going to be the order. So Facebook is the recently visited website, then Google and Amazon finally. So this is how we can implement a cache. We just have to check if the given URL is already searched for. And after that, if the given item is already present in the cache, then we have to update the cache and otherwise we have to create a new pair. We have to deal with the capacity, and then we have to order the new pair to the cache, whether it is the first item of the array list or when the array is not empty. So this is how we can implement the cache. Thanks for watching.