This course section is about Refs and Portals. Two slightly more advanced React concepts which you definitely don't need in all React apps you are going to build. After all, we did not need those features in the demo apps we built up to this point. But two features which can simplify certain things and also help you solve certain problems which otherwise are almost impossible to solve. And therefore, in this course section here, you will learn what Refs are and how you can, for example, use this Refs feature to gain simplified direct access to DOM Elements and what you can do with that access. You will also learn how you can also use this Refs feature to manage values that shouldn't be State. And you'll see when exactly that could be the case. And you will also learn how you can build Components that expose an API. For example, callable functions to other Components with help of that Refs concept. And then, this section of course also is about Portals and you will learn what Portals are, and how you can use this Portals feature to detach the place where an element gets rendered in the actual DOM from the place where you use it in your JSX code. And obviously at this point, this definitely all sounds pretty abstract and is probably all pretty confusing. But that's why we're now going to dive into a new demo project, which will allow us to use all these features. And step by step along the way, you will therefore then learn how to use them. Now, in this section we are going to build this demo project which in the end is kind of a game where website visitors can start different timer challenges with the goal of estimating when time is up and stopping the timer early enough before it expires. And we're going to build that game with Refs and Portals and of course, also Components and State, and all these things about which you already learned. And as always, you'll find a starting project attached. Both a local project and a CodeSandbox project link, of course. And in that starting project, you'll find a pretty basic app component, and one custom component, a player component, which also is pretty basic. And if you start that development server locally after installing the dependencies locally as you always need to do, you don't need to do that on CodeSandbox, of course. After doing that, if you visit the website, you should see something like this. And please note that at the moment this input here won't really work. If you click Set Name, nothing happens. But that will now be the first thing on which will work. And that will be the first example for using Refs.