So what are refs and how can we simplify this component with refs? Well, a ref in React is a value, just as the state in the end is a value and just as a variable contains a value but it's a special kind of value or it's managed by React in a special way to be precise. Now you can create such a ref value in React by importing the use ref hook from React. So another built-in hook function, which like all hook functions, must be called inside of a Component function or inside of a custom hook but that's something we'll explore later. You then create a ref value like this and you can store it in a constant or variable and give it any name you want. Now here I will create a ref value to, in the end, get the value that will be entered into this input field. And therefore, I'll name it input or player name. The name here, of course, is up to you. And whilst you can do more with these ref values, and later in the section you will see what you can do more with them, one thing you can do with them and one thing you will probably do the most with those refs is that you can connect them to JSX elements. And you can do that with a special prop that's supported by all React Components automatically out of the box, the ref prop, which just like the key prop is a special prop. Now React takes such a ref value as an input, so in my case, my player name like this, and with that, this input component here is in the end connected to this ref. Now how does this connection help us though? Well, we can now use this ref value here, for example, in handle click, so when this button here is clicked, to access the underlying connected element, so through player name we can access this input element because player name is connected to it through the ref prop. Therefore, here in handle click, we can get access to the input element though it's worth noting that for all these ref values created with useRef, you first have to access a current property. So this ref value you are getting back from useRef will always, really always be a JavaScript object that will always have a current property and only a current property. And it's then in this current property that the actual ref value, so in this case, the connected input will be stored. Therefore now current, in this case, holds this input element as a value and therefore even though I'm not getting auto suggestion for it here, because my IDE doesn't fully understand this connection here I can now access all the methods and properties that are exposed by that input HTML element. And I really mean the built-in Native input element. On MDN, you can learn all about its methods that are exposed and all the properties that are exposed and you can access all these properties and methods through the ref here, which is connected to this element. And therefore here we can, for example, access the value property which holds the currently entered value. And we could now use that to update our entered player name state, so in handle click we could now call set entered player name to update that state and pass this value which we're getting directly from the input field as a value here. And therefore we don't have to log that value on every keystroke anymore. Instead, we can get rid of the handle change function, get rid of the submitted state and just keep the ref and the entered player name state and down there also get rid of the unchanged prop here and of the value prop here, we don't need all of that. The ref is enough instead. And up here we therefore now just want to check if entered player name is truthy, so if it's not an empty string, for example, in which case we want to output it. Otherwise we output unknown entity. And for return expressions like this, there is a shortcut in JavaScript. You can simply write two question marks and with that you are telling JavaScript that it should output this value if it's truthy or this value if it's falsey. So if entered player name is an empty string, for example. But with that we're now updating the state only on a click and we're getting the value directly from the input element with help of that ref. Therefore, now if we save that and we go back to this application and reload, if I enter Max, nothing happens on every keystroke but if I click set name, it's output here. And if I now continue typing, nothing happens which is great, but if it clicks that name again, it's updated. And that's one of the reasons why this ref feature exists. For use cases like this where you just wanna read a value from an input field, for example, it can really save you a lot of code and lead to leaner Components.