So refs can be pretty useful, and you will soon learn about another use case where refs can be useful, even if you don't connect them to HTML elements. But before we go there, it's really important to also understand the difference between refs and state because here you could ask yourself, why are we using this state at all? Why don't we get rid of that state here and of that state updating function call here, and we instead directly use playerName.current.value down there. Why don't we do that? And the answer is because it doesn't work If we try to do that, you see that here something seems to go wrong. And indeed here I have an error that it fails to read a property value of undefined. So the problem here is that I'm trying to access this value property on the value stored in playerName.current, and that playerName.current seems to be undefined here. And the reason for that is that I'm trying to output the value stored in playerName.current here when the component gets rendered for the first time. But when that happens, this connection here through this ref prop won't be established yet. So in that first component render cycle, when that component function is executed for the first time, playerName.current will simply be undefined. It's only in the next render cycle that it will have disconnection to this input field and that we will be able to reach the value. But we could, of course, work around that by checking if playerName.current is truthy. So if it's not undefined, and if that's the case, we try to output playerName.current.value because then we know that playerName.current is set so that this connection has been established. And otherwise we output that. If we tweak the code like this and we save that the error indeed goes away. But you will now also see that if I enter something here and I click Set Name, nothing happens. It's cleared, but unknown entity isn't replaced. And that is the key difference between refs and state. It's not just that this connection doesn't exist yet initially. More importantly, it's that whenever a ref changes, the component function does not re-execute. And for a state, that's of course different. Whenever you update state by calling that state updating function the component function will be re-executed. And for refs, that's simply not the case. So, therefore, both state and refs are important concepts and have their purposes in the React world. State values do cause a component to be re-executed when changed through that state updating function and therefore state should be used whenever you have values that should directly be reflected in the UI. On the other hand, you should not use state for values that are only used behind the scenes and have no direct UI impact. And you'll see an example for such a value in the next lectures in this section. Now, refs on the other hand, do not cause a component to be executed again. The component will not be reevaluated just because the ref value changed. But you can use refs, as I showed you before, to gain direct DOM element access. And you'll see another example where this can be useful later. But you, of course, already see an example here as well where we use refs to get the value that's currently entered in an input field. But now with that, I'll also bring back my state here because, as you now learned, you need that state to update the UI and to reflect the updated value on the website. And with that, we're back to that state where it works as it should, and we can now dive deeper into refs.