Now in order to dive deeper into refs and explore another use case where they can be really useful, this app has to grow and we have to add the actual features this web app should be all about. We have to add these timers and these challenges related to these timers, and therefore here I'll add a new component in this project. I'll add a timer challenge component because this React app is all about having these timer challenges. Therefore, here I will export this timer challenge function as a default, here in this timer challenge JSX file. And in there I wanna return some JSX code where we have a section with a class name of challenge, which is important for styling purposes. I'm using a CSS file here, which was part of the starting project which has all these CSS rules inside of it. And then in this section here, in this new component, there should be a h2 element where we output the title of that specific challenge. And the idea here is that this component can be reused with different configurations and therefore here I assume that I'll get a title prop here from my props object, which is the title that should be output here. And of course we can assume this because it's our project and our component so we can use and configure it however we need it. Below the title, there should then be a paragraph with the CSS class of challenge dash time on it. And in there I then wanna output the goal of that challenge. So the time that will start running once the timer is started. And that has to be estimated by the user so that the timer is stopped before the time expired. That's what this challenge is all about in the end. Therefore, I also expect to get a target time prop, let's say. And here in this paragraph we can therefore output target time seconds, or if it's just one second it should of course be second, not seconds, therefore, I'll actually output the S conditionally depending on whether target time is greater than one or not. If it is, we'll add an S after second, if not, we won't. And then below this paragraph there should be another paragraph with a button that should start or stop the timer. So that should say start challenge or stop challenge, depending on whether it's currently running or not. And that of course will be something we'll have to control with state later. Below this paragraph, I'll add another paragraph with a class name that should be active if the timer is currently running or nothing if it's not running. So we'll also need state for that. And here I'll say time is running if the timer is running or timer inactive if it's not running. So that here will also be output conditionally. And with that, we can now use this timer challenge in the app component. There you'll find a div with an ID challenges, and it's in this div where I will output my timer challenge component. And for that, of course, it must be imported. And then here we have the first instance of that component with a title of easy, let's say, where the target time is maybe one, so one second. Then we have another challenge, maybe named not easy, where the target time is five seconds. Then another challenge, which I'll name getting tough, with a ten second timer. And then a last challenge called pros only with a 15 second timer, let's say. And if you save that, you should therefore then see these four timers here on the screen. Though at the moment, clicking this button of course doesn't do anything. But that's where we'll now have to use state and then also refs, as you will see.