So how can we stop this timer from inside this function? Well, JavaScript has a clear timeout function, which can be used to stop a timer but it needs a pointer at that timer, the ID of that timer you could say as an input. Now such a pointer is returned by setTimeout. So here we can store this timer in a constant, for example, and therefore, of course, we could add a variable here, timer outside of this function so that both functions can use it and set it equal to the timer here and then use it as a value in here. And now we just need to connect handleStop to this button if the timer is running. And therefore we don't always want to pass handleStart to onClick but we want to check if timerStarted is truthy. And if that's the case, we wanna point at handleStop so that this function is executed, if this button is clicked and the timer was started and otherwise it's handleStart. But now with that, handleStop should execute if the timer is running and we should clear this timer. So if this works, we should not see you lost after starting and stopping if we stop quick enough. So therefore, if I start this and stop this, I still get you lost and I did press stop immediately. So I start this, I stop this and still I get you lost. So somehow the timer was not stopped as it seems. And the problem is that we're using a variable. As you know, whenever state changes, this component function re-executes. And that, of course, also means that this variable is recreated. So the timer used in handleStop will be a different timer than in handleStart because in between, the component function re-executed because we updated the state in handleStart. That's why we can't use this variable. Now, we could use this variable if we define it outside of the component function because then it would not be recreated. And as a result, now if I reload this, if I start and stop, indeed we never see this you lost message. Of course, this part here isn't updating. We'll take care about that later but we don't see the you lost message but we'll now face a different problem. And to show you which problem we'll face, I'll start the five second challenge. Then immediately the one second challenge, and then I'll stop both challenges. So start five, start one, stop one, stop five. And you'll see as a result, I still get you lost here in the five second challenge even though I stopped it. I'll show it to you again. Start, start, stop, stop. I did click here on the five second challenge. Still, I get you lost and I don't get that if I just start and stop this challenge. Now here I stopped it and therefore, I never get you lost. So why do I get this strange behavior where the five second challenge is lost even though I stopped it if I also started and stopped the one second challenge? I'm getting that behavior because this timer variable is now a variable defined in this TimerChallenge file outside of this component function. And therefore, it's actually a variable that will be shared across all component instances that are based on this component function. And therefore, when I start the five seconds challenge, this timer will store the timer of the five seconds challenge but if I then after starting the five seconds challenge, also start the one second challenge, timer here will be overwritten with a pointer at that one second timer. And that pointer at the five second timer will basically be thrown away by React. Therefore, when I start this, start this, stop this and stop this, I'm not stopping anything here in the five second challenge because that pointer at the five second timer was thrown away when I started the one second challenge because this variable here is defined in this file and is therefore, shared across all instances of this component. And that's why a variable is not the solution. So if a variable is not the solution, what is a solution then? Well, refs can be a solution because you cannot just use refs to connect to HTML elements, even though that is a very common use case but you can also use refs to manage any kind of value. And therefore, here in this TimerChallenge component, we can create a new ref, let's say a timer ref, a timer constant, which stores this ref. And we can now use this timer and set timer.current because you always must target this current property as you learned and set this equal to the timer. And now we can clear the timeout by clearing it with timer.current because in this current property, we'll store this pointer at this timer. And now since this is defined inside of the component function, it will be component instance specific. Every component instance of this TimerChallenge component will get its own timer ref that works totally independent from the other refs that belong to the other instances of that component. But at the same time, unlike variables defined in component functions, this ref will not be reset or cleared when this component re-executes. Instead, just as with state values, React will store these timer values behind the scenes and make sure that they don't get lost as this component function re-executes. That's another special thing about refs. Like state values, the value here is not lost when this component function re-executes. But unlike state, setting this value also doesn't cause this component function to execute again and therefore, now with that, finally, we can save this and start and stop this and we don't get you lost. And I can now also start and stop both challenges and stop both and I never get you lost in any of the two. And that's therefore another use case for refs if you have a value that must be managed but that isn't really a state because that timer itself has no direct impact on the UI. We only care about whether a timer was started, but we, for example, don't wanna update the UI when we stop the timer here. Nothing changes here. I just clear the timer but I don't wanna trigger a UI update. So if you have cases like this where you have a value that doesn't really impact the UI, at least not directly, and you still need to manage it such that it's not reset when the component is re-executed, then you might have a great use case for a ref. And of course, you'll see more such example use cases throughout this section and also throughout this course.