So now that we can finally manage those timers and start and stop them, I also wanna change what happens when the timer expires, or if we successfully stop it in time. Because in both cases, I wanna show a pop-up that lets us know about our result and about the score we achieved. Because the closer we are to the timer expiring, the higher the score should be. Unless it did expire, in which we lost, of course. So I wanna show such a pop-up and I'll therefore add a new component which I'll name ResultModal. A modal is basically just a dialog that's opened up on top of the screen, visually, you could say. So therefor right here, we export a component function called ResultModal. And here I now wanna return the built-in dialog element which comes with built-in styling and some built-in features that make presenting it as an overlay, pretty easy and convenient. And in that element, I'll add a h2 tag where I either wanna say you lost, or your score. Now at the moment we won't have any score because we just have a timer that expires or not but we'll soon change this. So for the moment I'll just say you lost or you won. And therefor, of course, we'll need a prop, the result essentially. And maybe also the target time we had, so that we also can show some information about that here in this dialog. And then here we could output, you result and result is either won or lost. Again, that will change later but for now we'll output this here and then below that in a paragraph I would put, the target time was, and then in a strong element, target time, seconds. Like this. And later we'll say, you stopped the timer with 'x' seconds left. And that will also go into a strong element but it is something we'll add later once we changed the code so that we know how much time was left. And then below that I'll add a form, where I set the method to dialog which is something that's built into native HTML and supported by modern browsers. So not React specific because if you add a form like this with the method set to dialog, inside of a dialogue, a button that submits the form like this close button, will close this dialogue without any extra JavaScript or anything like that required. So that's now my dialog modal and I'll give it a class name of ResultModal for styling purposes. And now the goal is to show that dialog from inside the timer challenge, once the game is over. And therefore I'll start with the scenario that we lost, so that the timer expired. In that case, I wanna show this modal and therefore here in the JSX code return by timer challenge, we can wrap this into a fragment so that side by side with this section here we can output our ResultModal. And for that, of course, ResultModal must be imported from the ResultModal doc JSX file. And with that imported, we can output it here but it should of course be output conditionally. If the timer expired, if that is true, I wanna render ResultModal and I'll set the target time equal to my target time which I have here in this component. So the value I get on this prop I'll forward this to ResultModal and I'll set the result to lost, in this case here. And we can now get rid of this conditional paragraph here since we now have the modal. But you'll notice that if you do that and you start the challenge and you don't stop it, nothing seems to happen. Even though we lost here. And the reason for that is, that this built-in dialog element by default is invisible. But it can be made visible by adding the open prop to it. So this open attribute. So if I do this here, and I start and don't stop, indeed I get this dialog. And I can close it by clicking close. But as you might notice, this dialog is a bit hard to see because the background isn't dimmed as this dialog opens. And it would be nice if that would happen. Now we could manually add another element here in our ResultModal that is displayed behind that dialog and that is basically used to dim the background behind the dialog. That is something we could do. But this dialog element actually comes with a built-in backdrop element that will be displayed behind the dialog but unfortunately this built-in backdrop will not be shown if you force the dialog to be visible by setting open to true like this. Instead we have to open this dialog programmatically by sending a command to the browser, so to say, to get this built-in backdrop. And that's again an example for a scenario where refs can help us. Now we'll just have to make sure that we can access this dialog in this component from inside the timer challenge. Because it's there where we in the end want to open that dialog once the game is over.