So now that we have an elegant way of showing this result modal from inside the timer challenge, it's time to enhance this timer challenge component a little bit. Because my goal is to not just say you lost here, but to also show this modal if we successfully stop the timer and to then show a score in that modal. And to do that, it's not enough to just set and stop a timer. Instead, we need to measure how much time is left on an ongoing basis so that we know exactly how much time is left when the timer is being stopped. And setTimeout doesn't give us that information. Therefore, instead, we need setInterval, which is another function built into JavaScript or built into the browser to be precise. Now, setInterval works differently than setTimeout, though because setInterval will execute this function here every time this time here expired, so not just once. And therefore, of course here, I don't wanna set the targetTime as a time, but a very short duration so that I can keep track of how much time expired. We could, for example, execute this function every millisecond but that would be a lot of executions and maybe not great for performance. Therefore, here I'll go for 10 milliseconds but you can play around with that value. Now in here, I, of course now don't wanna mark this timer as expired. Instead, now we should totally change which states we manage here and we should instead simply keep track of the remaining time in our state. So I'll get rid of these two state values here and instead register a new state, which is my remaining time or time remaining as I'll name it here and the respective updating function. Now, initially that should be the targetTime. Like this. Though I want the targetTime in milliseconds here, since this interval executes every 10 milliseconds, and I wanna update this time remaining every 10 milliseconds, therefore. Hence, I'll set the initial time in milliseconds. So the targetTime multiplied with 1000. And then in here in this function, which is executed every 10 milliseconds, we should update the remaining time by calling setTimeRemaining and deduct 10 milliseconds from the current time remaining. So here, as you learned, we should use this function form where we get the previous time remaining automatically and where we then return the new value that should be set as a state. And that's my previous time remaining -10. So we have to deduct 10 milliseconds here so that in the end, this state here gets updated every 10 milliseconds with the updated time remaining. And we should get rid of set timer started here. Because instead now we know that the timer is active, let's say if timeRemaining is greater than zero and smaller than the targetTime times 1000. Because if it's smaller, we know that the timer is started. Otherwise it would be equal because that's our initial timeRemaining. And if it's smaller than zero, we know that the timer also shouldn't be treated as active because it expired because the targetTime is up. Now of course, this interval here should still be stopped if handledStop is executed, so if this stop button is pressed. But we can't clear an interval with clear timeout instead, we have to use clear interval, which is also built into the browser. And just as the setTimeout function, setInterval also returns a reference, which we can store in our ref here and which we can then use to clear it. And we still need to use a ref here and not a variable and not some state for the same reasons as before. So with that, we can still stop this timer but now I also wanna stop it manually if it expired, not just if the stop button was pressed. And therefore, here, right in the component function, we can add a if check and check if timeRemaining is smaller or equal to zero. Because if it is equal to zero or smaller, we know that time's up, that there is no time left. But set interval won't stop on its own because it has no end date, so to say, it just keeps on firing every 10 milliseconds. So we also have to clear this interval if we determine that the time is up, which is the case, if the timeRemaining is zero or smaller than that. Therefore in here, we then also want to call clearInterval and clearourtimer.current here, so this interval which we set here so that this interval does not keep on executing. In addition here, in this if condition, I'll then also set time remaining back to my initial targetTime times 1000. Now setting the state like this directly in a component function can be dangerous because you can create an infinite loop with that. Because setting the state causes the component function to execute again which could cause this function here to run again and so on. But since I'm in a if condition here, which will not be met after updating the state like this, we are safe and this will not cause an infinite loop here. But it's important to be aware of this potential danger you are facing when calling a state updating function from directly in your component function as we're doing it here. But if you have a condition like this, everything's good. Now with that, we also have to adjust the JSX code. And down here, I for example, want to make sure that for this button here, we trigger the handle stop function if the timer is active and handle start otherwise. And here we also want to use timer is active and also here and here. So that we're using this new derived state, this new computed value here to update the UI appropriately. Now, with all that, we, of course also must make sure that we show this modal, though and that should now happen in handleStop or if the timer expired. So in here, if the timer expired, I want to use my dialog ref here, which in the end refers to my result modal component, of course. And then call current open like this. And here in handleStop, I want to do the same. The difference is that here, we manually stopped the timer, so we won. Whereas here, the timer expired because we did not stop it in time, so we lost. But the function we call here, the open function is always the same. Now with that, if we save that, if I start this and do nothing, that still opens and I see you lost. If I do stop it, that also opens. Now, the text is the same because I haven't updated it yet but you see that now the modal opens either way because we really lost or because we stopped it in time. Now we must make sure that the correct information is forwarded to the modal.