Now to forward the correct information to the modal, we should replace this result prop with a different prop now because now we know how much time is remaining here and I want to pass that remaining time to result modal so that we can use it there to, for example, calculate a score. Hence I'll add a prop here, remaining time, which gets this time remaining state as a value. Now inside of result modal, we can and should now destructure that prop remaining time and now use it to calculate a score or find out if the user lost. For that I'll add a new computed value here and store it in a constant. And I'll name this constant user lost, which should be true if remaining time is smaller or equal than zero. Because if that's the case, we know that the timer expired and we did not stop it in time and now we can use user lost to output you lost here conditionally if user lost is true. So this h2 element with the text, "You lost" is shown if user lost is true. Now that we've got the remaining time, we can also output that remaining time down here though I'm getting it in milliseconds here because that's how we're managing it in Timer Challenge and I need it in seconds here. So we need to divide it by 1000 and we should probably also format it a little bit to present it in a nice way. Therefore I'll get my formatted remaining time here by dividing remaining time by 1000, and then on the result of that division, we can call to fixed a method built into JavaScript to always show exactly two decimal places on that number so that we don't output a super long number with a lot of decimal places. And it's now this formatted remaining time that can and should be output down there. With that, we should get rid of this result prop here which we no longer receive. And if we save that and reload, if I start this and let it expire, I get this pop up, which is not what I was looking for because it tells me that there is one second left and I don't see you lost here. Now why is that the case? That happens because in timer challenge we set the time remaining back to the initial time remaining, so the target time times 1000, right when the timer expired. So the time remaining at this point isn't this negative time anymore. Instead it's back to this initial time. So what we wanna do instead is not reset the time here but instead we should add a new function here, handle reset could be the name, and reset the time remaining in there. And now we can pass handle reset through a prop two result modal. On reset could be the prop name and then point at handle reset, and trigger that from inside the result model as we did it many times before in this course already. So in here we now can and should destructure that on reset prop and it should be triggered when this dialogue is closed, which of course happens when this button here is clicked and this form therefore is submitted. So we can add the on submit prop here to the form which is another prop built into React and supported by default, by the form element. It will be triggered whenever the form is submitted, which is the case when this button in this form is clicked. And here I wanna point at on reset. With that, if we save this, if I reload and start this and let it expire, now I see you lost and I got zero seconds left here and if I close this, it is reset and I can restart it. So now this is working as it should here, but of course now I also wanna show a score if we stop the timer in time because then you see indeed I don't see you lost and I get the correct time left. But I now also wanna show a little success message here and my score.