Now with that, we're almost done for this section. You learned a lot about refs and passing data between components and so on. But wait a second. This section also is about portals, and that's therefore what we'll tackle next to then conclude this section. So what's this portals feature all about, and how can you use it? To understand the idea behind portals, let's make sure that we see such a modal here, for example because we won. And let's then inspect this modal. If we do that, you see that this dialogue element here in my DOM is inserted anywhere in that DOM, nested in other HTML elements in the end. And that's of course the case because this ResultModal component is output as part of the JSX code returned by the TimerChallenge component. So therefore it's output in the same place where this section here is output, for example. That's why we see that dialogue next to this section. Here's the section, here's the dialogue. Now visually, this actually all works here. There's nothing wrong with it, but technically it would make more sense if this overlay element which visually sits on top of the entire page would be output directly inside of the body or maybe inside of this div which sits here with an ID of modal which I did not add to the starting project by accident. And it would make sense to have the dialogue on such a higher level because that would map its visual appearance to its location in the HTML structure which can be better for accessibility reasons and which can also help you avoid styling problems. Here we don't have any, but a deeply nested element could be hidden by other elements above it in certain circumstances. And therefore we might wanna control and kind of output this modal component in the TimerChallenge component because that's the component where we use it, but we'd like its JSX code to go somewhere else in our page. And that's exactly the kind of problem this portal feature solves. To use this feature, you have to import something, and you have to import that something from react-dom. So not from the React library itself, but from this React DOM library which of course is managed by the same team. The difference is basically that the React library only exposes functions and features that work in all kinds of environments. For example, also, if you would build a Native app with React Native, for which I have a separate course if you wanna learn more about that. Whereas the React DOM library includes a couple of features and functions that in the end allow React to then interact with the DOM. So with a website rendered in the browser. And one feature, one function exposed by React DOM which we need here is to createPortal function. As the name suggests, this is used to create such a portal and the idea behind a portal is really just to kind of teleport this HTML code that will be rendered by this component into a different place in the DOM. To achieve this, you simply have to wrap this JSX code that should be teleported away with createPortal like this. And then createPortal takes a second argument that comes after this JSX code. So the first argument is this JSX code. The second argument for createPortal then is an HTML element to which this code should be teleported. So where this code should be rendered in the end. And that should be an element that exists in your index HTML file. And that's why in that file, I added this special div with the ID modal in the starting project, because it's this div where I wanna attach this modal to. So that it's not deeply nested inside of my content here, but instead relatively close to the root of the body. Therefore, in the result modal in this createPortal function for this second argument, you should select that element with a default browser API by using document.getElementById. And then in my case here, the ID is modal. That's the ID I added here by which I'm selecting this div. And this code here, of course, is kind of similar to what you see in the main or index JSX file. There, we have this createRoot method which also needed an element in the HTML file where the React app would be rendered to. Now we're doing the same here with a part of the app with createPortal, so it's still the same React app just output in a different place. And that's now all. If we now save this and reload and we let such a timer expire, we have the same overlay as before. But if we inspect this with the developer tools, we can now see that this dialogue is inside of that modal div here and not inside of that content div. So it's not nested in there, but instead here in this modal div. And by the way, there, you see multiple dialogues because we have multiple timer challenges, but only this first dialogue is visible at the moment. And that's the whole idea behind this portal feature. And it's therefore commonly used for use cases like this. So for modals or similar scenarios where you have some JSX code that should actually not be rendered in the place where you are using it in your app, but somewhere else in your document.