Up to this point in the course, we always worked with demo projects where all the data that was required for those projects was part of the React project. For example, this project where we could pick a place, there all the place dummy data and all the place images were part of the React project. And whilst you, of course, might be building projects like this, that's not always enough. It's indeed quite common that you need to build projects where the data is centrally managed on some server so that users from all over the world can operate on that data and can maybe also change that data. If you are trying to build something like Facebook or Amazon, you of course can't manage the data inside of the React project because that React project code in the end gets executed inside of the browsers of your visitors. So different users from different parts of the world each have their own copy of the React project running in their browser, but they can't interact with each other. They can't exchange data unless there is some central server, some central database in between them that can be reached from all those different locations on the world, so from all those different React apps running on different computers. And therefore, in this course section here, we'll take a look at data fetching and sending HTTP requests from inside React apps. We'll explore how your React apps can get and send data from and to such central servers so that you're not limited to building React apps that work with local dummy data, but that you instead can also build apps that need to communicate with such a central server. And therefore, in this course section here, you will learn how you can connect your React app to such a backend server, to a database that may need to store shared data created and accessed by different users, and we will explore how you can fetch data, so how you can download and use data in your React app, and how you can send data from your React app to such a server, how you can, for example, store user generated data.