Now, as I already mentioned in the previous lecture, there often are good reasons for having a central server, a central backend or database to which multiple instances of the React app connect in order to share data across users. If you are building an online store, you wanna make sure that different users from different parts of the world can access the same data and can of course also send data, can place orders, for example. And you as an owner of the shop, of course then also need access to those orders so that you can fulfill them. Therefore, you often need such a central backend or database. And therefore, an important question is, how do you connect your React app to such a database? How can you send data to such a database and get data out of such a central database? And the short answer is, you don't, at least not directly. You don't directly connect your React app to a database because if you were to try that, you would run into security issues. Because what's important to understand, as a web developer in general, is that when writing code that runs in the browser, which is exactly what you're doing with React, all your React application code runs in the browsers of your visitors. If you are doing that, your visitors can access that code, they can view that code. And if that code then, for example, contains the credentials to access a database, your database can get compromised because users can retrieve those credentials and access your database to destroy data, insert incorrect data, or do all kinds of bad things. In addition, you also have certain restrictions when writing front-end code. So code that runs in a browser. For example, you can't easily access a file system. Especially not a shared file system that lives on some central server or computer. You don't really have those capabilities in the browser. And therefore, instead of directly accessing a database or some file system that may hold shared data, you instead communicate with a backend server, which kind of acts as a middleman, you could say. So that your front-end React application, which runs on the browser, and where users can theoretically view the entire code, that application can reach out to a backend. So a separate project running on a separate server, a computer owned and operated by you, the developer. And it's then on that backend where you can interact with databases, et cetera because that backend code is inaccessible by the users of your website because only you, the owner and developer, only you have access to the code on such a backend server. And to connect the frontend and the backend, you use HTTP requests so that from inside your React application you, for example, send an HTTP request to the backend to request some data or to request a change to some data. But what's super important, and a safety feature here, is that you can only send HTTP requests that are allowed and accepted by this backend. And if a backend doesn't want a certain request, it's not possible. And therefore you can control what users can do and can't do. So to sum it up, if you have a React app that needs to talk to a database, for example, you have to understand that with React, you are writing client-side code. You are building a client-side web application that runs in the browser and where the code can be viewed by the visitors of your website. Therefore, you communicate with a backend through HTTP requests and it's that backend code that then may interact with a database because that code is not exposed to your users. Instead, you control which kind of requests should be possible by exposing so-called endpoints on your backend API. Simply, URLs that accept certain requests. You should never try to connect to a database directly from inside your React code because you would expose your database credentials. And therefore it's quite common to have separate frontend and backend projects where you also don't have to use the same programming language. When building a React app, you are of course using JavaScript but you could build your backend with any language that can be used for that like PHP, C#, or also JavaScript with NodeJS, for example. You can also build full-stack React apps where you kind of blend frontend and backend whilst still ensuring that the backend code can't be accessed with extra frameworks and libraries like NextJS or Remix. And later in this course, I do indeed have a thorough introduction to NextJS which gives you a slightly different approach for building such backend-powered web applications with React. But in this section, we'll take a look at how you can connect to a standalone backend from inside your React app.