Now, for this course section, I prepared another starting project, a local and a CodeSandbox version. The CodeSandbox version is already up and running. For the local version, you need to run npm install once you downloaded and extracted the attachment, and then npm run dev. And once you did that, you should see this website here, a non-functional Placepicker website, where the idea is that by the end of this section, you can pick and select places and unselect them, but, and that's the important difference compared to an earlier course section, here in this version of this application, all the data will be fetched from a backend. And, for example, when we pick a place, when we make a selection, that change will also be stored on a backend. And therefore, this starting project also comes with a backend folder that contains a separate backend web API, A backend project, not written in React, but instead, in this case with NodeJS. But as mentioned before, you could build such a backend with any programming language. Now, this here is a very simple dummy backend. And in the end, the entire backend logic lives in this app.js file. Here, I'm setting up a simple backend API, where I'm accepting certain kinds of requests, because remember, that's what I mentioned before, the backend controls which kind of requests are allowed and blocks other requests that are not allowed. Hence, ensuring that users can only do what you want them to do. And here in this dummy backend, in this starting project, I, for example, allow GET HTTP requests to my backend URL and then /places to fetch available places that could be picked by users. And then I have some user-places routes that can be used to get places stored by the users of this website and to change those stored places. Now, as mentioned, this is a simple backend. And, for example, here, all users from all over the world would share the same user data, but it's a great example to get started with data fetching. Now, in case the terms GET request or URL are terms that don't tell you anything, I strongly recommend that you revisit some web development and web functionality basics because you absolutely should know terms like this. And attached, you therefore find some helpful resources that help you revisit those concepts. In this section here, we'll not focus on the backend code though because this is not a backend development course. Instead, we'll just use this dummy backend to connect to it from inside this React application, which you'll also find in this starting project.