- [Maximilian] So let's
establish a connection between the React app
and this dummy backend. Now, for this you must make sure that the backend server
is also up and running and therefore when
following along locally, it's actually not just
enough to run npm run dev. Instead, in a separate terminal window so that you keep the npm run
dev process up and running you should cd the into the backend folder and then in there, run npm install to install the dependencies of this backend project. Because it's a separate project, it's a separate server that will start. After running npm install in that backend folder, you must start the backend server because we're dealing with two separate servers now, the frontend Vite development server, which serves the frontend, the React app, and the separate backend server, which exposes this backend API. And you start this backend server by running node app.js in that backend folder, so in that terminal where you navigated into the backend folder. Now for this to work, you
actually need to install Node.js. Again, on CodeSandbox
that's not necessary. There it will automatically run, but locally if you
wanna follow along there you have to install
Node.js on your system. It is available for Mac
OS, Windows, and Linux. And once you did that, you
can and should run node app.js in that backend folder
and keep that process up and running as well so that you have two running processes because we need both running processes in order to connect to the backend here. And with that, let's connect. And let's start by fetching
some available places so that here in this bottom box we show a list of places
that can be picked and selected by the website visitors. Unlike before in this course where we worked on a similar project, those places are now not
part of the React project. The data and the images for those places are not part of that project. Instead, this data is
all stored in the backend and it's accessible through that API, through those exposed
endpoints I mentioned there. So we need to send a HTTP request
from inside our React code to that backend code to
fetch that list of data. Now here in this starting application, which I prepared for you there is a separate
AvailablePlaces component that's responsible for
displaying those pickable places. And it's here where that
place data should be fetched from this dummy backend server, that backend API I'm providing
as part of this project. Now, previously in this course, we for example also fetched
data from local storage with the getItem method. And the great thing about
local storage is and was that you can access it synchronously, that the data you're fetching
is there immediately. You don't need to wait for it. Therefore, when using local
storage we could for example, manage the available places here with state by importing
useState from React so that we have our state here. And then here we have the available places in this case here, in this application. And this array of available places, which we have initially could
be fetched from local storage. So here, if we're fetching those places and we get back those places and let's assume that
is an array of places, then we could use those places here. Now that works with local storage, but not when getting
the data from a backend. Because when talking to a backend you are sending an HTTP
request that needs to travel through the internet
to that backend server and then that backend
server needs to do some work and send back a response. And that all may take some time. It's not an instant process. It may take a couple of
milliseconds or even seconds. But the problem is that
if this process here takes milliseconds or seconds, you can't wait for that
data here in this component because this component
function does not wait for any data to arrive. Instead, it executes pretty much instantly in one single step you could say. So if this places data is
not available initially, you must first render this
component without that data and then update it once
that data is available. So therefore, what we need to do here is we should start with an empty
array as our initial value and then we can use those
available places down here. And then we need to send an HTTP request and update this state
once the data is there so that we re-render the
UI and update the UI.