Now an HTTP request can be sent in a client site project in different ways. For example, with help of the built-in fetch function. This is a function that's not provided by React but instead directly by the browser. And fetch is a function that can be used to send an HTTP request to some other server. Now, unlike the name might imply you can actually not just use it to fetch data but also to send data, but we'll explore that later. In its simplest form, fetch wants the URL of the server you wanna send a request to. Now herein this project I provided to you that's http://localhost 3000 separated by a colon here. This URL will target my running backend server. And then there it's this /places path that we wanna target to get back the places data that's stored in a file on the backend. So therefore here we should append /places. Now out of the box, this will send a get request to this URL, which is indeed exactly what we need here. Now fetch then returns a promise which is a JavaScript value that will eventually resolve to another value. So it's basically a wrapper object around a value that's not there yet but that will eventually be there. In this case, it's a wrapper around an eventually received response object. So a promise is a standard JavaScript object that will yield different values depending on the state of that promise. And to access those different values you can chain methods on the result of calling fetch. You can add the then method, for example and pass a function to the then method to define a function that should be executed once this promise resolved and the response is there. And here in this function, you would then automatically receive that response object. But this function, which you're passing to then will be executed by the browser only once the response is there. So not instantly, but at some point in the future. Now in modern JavaScript, you can also use the await keyword to access this response like this and to have a more readable syntax. But this is only available if the function in which this code executes is decorated with async, which on the other hand is not allowed for component functions. That's a restriction implied by React. So we can't use async await here but we will soon use it in some other place. So here I'll go back to that other notation which does work where we got the response and where we can define which code should be executed once the response is there. Now, when using this fetch function this response object will have some other methods that can be used to access the data that's part of the response. For example, the JS method can be used to extract data that's attached in the JSON format. And JSON is simply a text-based data format that looks like this here in the places.json file this is how it looks like, basically like a JavaScript array and object you could say. But all the keys are wrapped with quotes. That's a special feature of JSON and JSON is the facto standard data format for exchanging data with backends. Now this JSON method returns another promise and therefore if I return JSON here, we can add another then method after the first then method to eventually get back our response data and work with that data. And that's how you can chain those different then calls. And here we then got the final response data, which in case of this dummy API here should be an object that has a places key where we then have the places data, so this array of available places. And therefore here we can access resData.places in this case for this dummy API to get access to this array of available places. And now we could call set available places and pass that data to it. But this code here has a huge flaw and problem. It would create an infinite loop because when calling fetch like this directly in the component function, this code of course will be executed every time the component function executes and therefore a new request would be sent whenever this component function executes. The problem is that in the second then block we then update the state, which of course causes this component function to execute again. So we would end up with a new request, a new state update, a new execution, a new request, a new state update, and so on. And therefore we can't send the request like this. But thankfully, if you went through the side effects section this problem might sound familiar to you. And if you went through that section, you are also aware of a solution. We can useEffect to wrap this code and to avoid this infinite loop.