So let's use useEffect here to improve this code and fix this problem of this infinite loop. For that, we should import useEffect from React and then we can execute useEffect here, pass our effect function to it, and this dependencies array. And then here we move this code, this fetch code into this effect function. Now as you learned in the effects section, this effect function will always execute immediately after this component function executed but only if it's dependency is changed. Now here I got an empty array of dependencies and therefore those dependencies of course never change because what's not there can't change. And therefore indeed in this case, this component function will only execute once after this component function executed for the first time. But the effect function will never execute again thereafter and therefore we won't enter an infinite loop. And therefore with this code here, we should now indeed be fetching those places, setting those places as a state and using those places down there. So if you save that and you have both the front end the React server and this backend server with NodeJS up and running, which is important, and you go back and reload you should see some place data down there. So fetching that data works. But of course as you can tell all the images are missing here. And those images are missing here because in this Places component where we output the available places, I'm trying to output the images by simply accessing some source property on some image property of every place. Now if we take a look at the raw data that's fetched, we see that this image source property in the end just contains the name of the image file. But those image files are now actually stored in the backend project, there in this images folder. So we need to access those images from there. Now we can't send direct requests to that images folder because as I mentioned before, by default all that backend project code and file structure is inaccessible by our users. We can only send the kind of requests that are explicitly allowed by the backend code. Now here in this code I don't have some explicit images route, but I have some extra code that actually exposes all the files stored in the images folder directly on the root backend server, which simply means that on the front end in the Places.jsx file we can tweak this source here and replace this with a template literal so with backticks around it. And then construct a URL where we point at the backend with localhost:3000 and then the image file name. Like this injected into the URL. And this will now work because this will now send a request for this image file to the backend. And because of the code I wrote there those image files are made available there. So if you save that you'll see that the images are displayed now and with that we're successfully fetching that data.