So we're making good progress, and we're fetching data and using that fetched data, and we're also managing that loading state. Now, another situation you may frequently face when sending HTTP requests are errors because when sending HTTP requests, there are many reasons for why things may fail, because a user lost their network connection, because maybe something went wrong on the back end, the server might be temporarily offline, for example, or you have some bug in your code there. Whatever the reason may be, errors can occur, and therefore, in your front-end code, you should also be prepared for the scenario that fetching the data might fail, and there are two main ways of how fetching that data may fail. For one, you might fail to send that request in the first place, for example, because the network connection crashed. The other situation where sending the request may kind of fail is that it is actually sent successfully to the back end, but something goes wrong there, and the back end sends back an error response, and you typically wanna handle both cases. Now, let's start with the error response. When using the fetch function for sending HTTP requests, you can check if the response is an error response by checking the response.ok property. If this is true, it means that you got a success response with a 200 or 300-ish status code. If this is not true, so if it is false, you got a 400 or 500-ish status code, so here, you wanna check if response is not ok, and if it is not ok, you wanna handle this situation. For example, by throwing an error. Here, we could prepare an error object by instantiating the built-in Error class and set an error message that could be 'Failed to fetch places' or something like this, and then we could throw that error, or do that all in one step, of course. Now, when you throw an error, you will crash the application, though, which might not really be what you wanna do. Therefore, you should wrap code that could potentially throw an error with try-catch, which you can do when using async/await. You can wrap try around the code that might fail. In this case, that's this code here, and then you can catch any errors that might have been thrown and define code that should be executed if an error was encountered, and this allows you to stop the application from crashing and enables you to define which code should be executed instead. Now, of course, here, I could have simply avoided throwing an error, and we would then not have needed try-catch, but the fetch function itself can actually also fail and throw an error. For example, if there is no network connection. That's why I definitely wanna use try-catch here and throw an error if I decide that I'm not happy with the response, so that either way we end up in this catch block if anything goes wrong. Well, and here in the catch block, we can now handle the error, and, of course, handling the error in a React application typically means that we wanna update the UI and show an error message to the user, and that, of course, means that we need a third piece of state, an error state here, so I'll name it error and have a state updating function that's called setError, and when fetching data, it's super-common to have these three pieces of state work together. The data state, where you store the data that you're fetching, the loading state, which you use to tell the user that you are currently fetching data, and the error state, which you use to show potential errors on the screen, and now, with that error state added, we can set the error here in our catch block, and, for example, set this error object as a value for error. This will be an error object that contains an error message, for example, this error message which we're setting here. Now, before using this error state to update the UI, there also is one other thing we should do here when using try-catch because you might already see those red squiggly lines here. We're getting those because here I'm trying to update my available places based on data that's inside of that try block. Now, if we do face an error, in this step here, for example, we will never have response data, so trying to set it here won't work. Instead, we should move this code into this try block because here, we know that when we make it to the end of this block, all the data will be there. On the other hand, setIsFetching false should stay outside of the try-catch block, typically, because I wanna end this loading state no matter if we got an error or not because even if we failed to fetch places data, we're still not fetching it anymore. We're not loading the data anymore. We just got an error, but we're not fetching it anymore, so this should be set to false either way, but with that, we can now use this error state to update the UI, and for this, in this component here, I'll simply check if error is truthy, so if we have an error, and if that's the case, I wanna return a separate error component, which I prepared in advance and which you find attached. You should add this Error.jsx file, which you'll find attached in your components folder, and this is simply a component that will output a title and a message and that will also later allow us to dismiss it. Here, in AvailablePlaces, I'm not interested in dismissing it. Instead, I just want to render this Error component, and for that, of course, you must import it from Error.jsx, and then, with it imported and rendered down there, you must set a title, for example, "An error occurred!" and then a message, and the message here is my error.message, so the message on this Error object, and now, to check whether this works, I will provoke an error by sending this request to an invalid URL. Keep in mind when sending requests to a back end, you can only access resources and endpoints that are exposed by that back-end server, so if I try to send this to placesssss with a couple of extra s at the end, that would be an invalid URL, and therefore, an invalid HTTP request I'm trying to send to the back end, and it will therefore not be fulfilled by the back end, so if I save this and reload, you see I got this An error occurred! box here. Now, you'll also see that here a message is missing, so what we might wanna do here is that when we catch this error, we set this error here to an object that will always have a message prop where we then try to access error.message, but as a fallback, if that should be undefined, we define our own custom message, like 'Could not fetch places, 'please try again later.' Something like this so that we have this as a fallback error message, and with that, if you save that, you see that fallback message here, and that's how you can handle errors. Here, I'll get rid of all those extra s's so that this does work again if we save that and reload, but it is important to know how you could handle errors and that when fetching data, you typically have these three states working together.