Now, fetching those available places here is the first step. Of course, I now also wanna make sure that we can click on those places and add them to our selection. And as we do that, I also wanna send a request to the backend so that our selection is stored there. Because at the moment, if I reload the app, my selection is gone. So of course, then thereafter, I also wanna fetch my storage selection from the backend. And therefore, this dummy backend indeed does have two routes to endpoints that allow us to store the places we picked and to get our places. As mentioned earlier, here in this dummy app, the places would theoretically be shared across all users that use this web app, so they would all be managing the same selection. But for this demo, this is absolutely fine and no problem, of course. So let's now start by making sure that when we select a place, we actually send that updated selection of places to the backend. Now for this, we should go to the App.jsx file because it's here where I'm outputting the userPlaces, and it's here where I have my userPlaces state, which is this array of places that is updated whenever I select a place. And it's therefore now here, inside of handleSelectPlace, where I don't just wanna update this state but where I also wanna send my updated array of places to the backend. To do that, we need to add some code here after we updated the state. Or also here, before we update the state, and I'll get back to which position you might wanna choose for which reasons soon. So I'll start here by sending my request after updating the state. And to do that, we can again use the fetch function, because as I mentioned earlier, this function can also be used to send requests that want to change data, not just to get data, even though the name might imply that you can only fetch data, but that's not the case. Now I will actually not write my fetching code here, though, or my sending code, but instead, I'll use that http.js file and add a new function to this file. A new exported async function that should be responsible for updating the user places. Therefore I'll name it, updateUserPlaces. Like this. Now here, I expect to get an array of places that should be sent to the backend, because this dummy backend API here, this dummy backend server, expects to get an array of places that will then simply be stored in a file there. And therefore here, I must make sure that I send such an array of places. As mentioned, this can be done with the fetch function. And here, we, again, need to specify the URL to which the request should be sent. Here, to localhost:3000, and then user-places. That's the path that should be targeted for this dummy backend I'm providing to you. But now, it's actually not enough anymore to just send the request like this. Instead, here, to change those places, a put request is expected by the backend. So, we must change the http method that's used. Because the default is the get method, but that's the wrong method here. And you do this with help of a second argument that can be passed to fetch, which is a configuration object that allows you to configure the outgoing request. Here we can, for example, set the method property and define which http request method should be sent. In this case, for example, PUT. In addition, we also must add the body property to define which data should be attached as a request body to that outgoing request. And here, that should be my places array. Though, that data must actually be in a format that is attachable, and JavaScript arrays are not an attachable format. Instead, this should be converted into this JSON format which I mentioned before first. So here, we should call JSON stringify places. This will convert this places array into JSON format, and this can now be attached. Last but not least, some extra headers should be added here. So, some extra metadata that's attached to the request. And here, specifically, you should add the Content-Type header and set this to application/json to inform the backend that the data attached to this request will be in JSON format. This is required to make sure that the data is extracted successfully on the backend. Well, with that, we can then await the result of that and get back our response. And then just as before, we can take a look at that response, parse it, and so on. So here, I'll get my response data, for example, by calling response.json and awaiting that. And I also wanna check if response is not okay. So if we got an error status code, in which case I, again, wanna throw a new error where I say, "Failed to update user data." And then here at the end, I can return my response data, and then there, actually, the message property, because if we take a look at this backend API, and there, the put user-places route, we see that the response will contain an object with a message property. Though here in this application, I will actually not use that data, but nonetheless, we can return it here. So with that, we got our updateUserPlaces function here, and back in the app JSX file, we can now use this function after updating the state inside of this handleSelectPlace function here. So here, we can then call updateUserPlaces and import this function from the http.js file, of course. And then down here, where I am calling it, I wanna pass my updated places to it. Now you could think that we can therefore simply use our userPlaces state here because I have just updated the state here in the step right before this step. But as you learned before, the state update will not immediately be available in this next line of code. Instead, it will only be available after the component function executed the next time, which is scheduled by this state update here. But this code will still execute before that happened, because it's part of that old component function, so to say, before it was updated. So, just using our old state won't work here. Instead, what we can and should do here is we should, of course, use our old state and extract the old userPlaces into a new array here. And then just as we're updating the state here, we can add the newly selectedPlace in front of those old userPlaces. And this will send this updated array of data to our backend. Now of course, this operation will take some time, and therefore we might wanna await this before we continue with the next steps. But await only works and functions that are decorated with async. Now the great thing is that this function here can easily be decorated with async, because all we're doing with that function is that we're setting it up as an event listener function in the end that's triggered whenever we selected a place. And it's no problem to use an async function for that. It will still work as before. But now, we can also use await in here. And when using async await, we can also use try catch to wrap this code, which might fail to catch potential errors, so that we can then thereafter also define some code that should be executed if this should fail. But at the moment, I won't care about this, and instead just send a request like this. Please note that at the moment, I'm also not managing any loading state here. Instead, we should be able to save this code like this, go back to the application, and open the dev tools to see potential errors. And we see a lot of logs here because, of course, due to these different states we're going through when fetching the data, the loading state, for example. And because this application also uses StrictMode, the component function where we are fetching data does get executed quite a bit. But eventually, we end up with the data. And if I now pick a place here, you see two things. For one, you see that it's added immediately here, but you also see that I got an error here, a connection refused error. And if I open my terminal where the backend is running, I can see that this actually crashed because it looks like it was not happy with the data it received. So therefore, we should restart that process by, again, running node app.js on CodeSandbox. You can simply restart it right from inside CodeSandbox if it crashes or you simply reload the page there. That should all work. And to fix this error, we should go back to the https.js file, because there, I made a tiny mistake. The data that's sent along with that PUT request should not be the places array like this. But instead, my backend expects to get an object that contains a places key, which will then actually contain this array. So, we need a wrapping object around that array. And this is actually a good example, proving that the backend only accepts certain kinds of requests with exactly the data it wants. So therefore, now back in http.js, we should wrap this with curly braces and add a places key, and pass our places as a value for that key. And since here, the key has the same name as the variable that contains the value, we can also use this shortcut here. This shorter notation. With that, if we save that and reload here, we should, again, fetch those places. And now if I select one, this looks better. There's no error here. And if we now go to the backend here, and there to the data folder, you should see that in the user-places.json file, there is a new entry in there. There is some data in there. And this is indeed the place that we did send. So, this is working.