Now fetching the places stored by the users works pretty much exactly as it did for fetching the available places. We wanna do that right away when the app component renders for the first time. And, of course, therefore, to avoid an infinite loop when we then update the state, we should do that with help of useEffect. Therefore, to fetch those places, I'll start by going to HTTP JS. And there we can start by copying the fetchAvailablePlaces function. And I'll now rename that copy to fetchUsrPlaces because the logic is almost the same but we should send the request to user-places here at the end and we might want to tweak the error message to failed to fetch user places. But other than that, this function can stay the way it is and we can go back to the app JSX file. And in here, as mentioned, we should now fetch those places with help of useEffect. So that should be imported from React and with it imported, we define the effect function and this dependencies array here. And in the effect function we can add an async function called "fetchPlaces" so that we can use async await and we should then also execute this function right away, just as we did it before in available places where we also defined such a helper function. Now here in App JSX, in that fetchPlaces helper function, we can now await calling fetchUserPlaces. So this function we just copied and edited inside of HTTP JS, which therefore also must be imported. This will eventually give us our user places or just places here, however you want to name it. And of course that's the data which we then want use to set our user places like this. But, of course, fetching could also go wrong. So just as before, we should wrap this with try catch. And, in addition, here I also wanna manage some loading state because initially we, of course, won't have any places and I want to communicate to the website visitor that we're currently fetching those places to provide a better user experience. So therefore, just as before, in the available places JSX file, we now should add a fetching and an error state. And therefore I'll actually copy these states from available places into app JSX. And I'll just get rid of this available places state which I don't need here but I will need the other two states, along with the data state, the user places state which we set once we have the data and now it starts with setting is fetching to true inside of fetchPlaces when we start and to false after this try catch block. And here we just need to do this once after try catch because we got no other nested code that would run independently as we did it before with AvailablePlaces and getCurrentPosition. We don't have that here and therefore one satisfaction false call after try catch is enough. Now, in the catch block we should call setError and set this equal to an object where we have a message property which is error.message or some fallback property, like failed to fetch user places. Well and now we can use all those different states. I mean the user places state is already being used in the JSX code. It's passed to this places component. But now we can also pass a loadingText and isLoading prompt to places just as we did it before in the AvailablePlaces component. IsLoading should get the value of isFetching, so true or false depending on whether the request is on its way or not. And loading text gets our loading message which could be "Fetching your places...". Now if things go wrong, I also wanna show an error and therefore, I'll conditionally output based on this error state. My error component here where I set the title to "An error occurred," and the message to my error object or there to the error message to be precise. Places should only be rendered if we have no error. So here I'll check if not error and in that case I'm rendering my places. And with all that, if we now save that and reload, now we fetch that data from the back end and to see that, we also see that loading message. We can again throttle the network to slow 3G and reload and wait for this page to load. But once the page did load, we should then actually also see that loading text in that first box briefly. So here we see fetching your places and then the place data arrives. So that is working. Now if things go wrong, which I will again simulate by adding a couple of extra Ss here to this URL you see we got this error box. So error handling also works. And with that, I'll get rid of that. And this is now the finished application where we can load available places, add those places and store them, and then also reload to re-fetch those stored places, update that if we want to or don't update if we don't want to and we got this all working now with a separate backend which is used to store that data. And the great thing about that separate backend is that this can now be used by users from all over the world. The data is no longer stored locally in the React application and you are therefore now able to build more powerful and versatile React applications.