In the previous section we discussed on how to build microservices that can communicate asynchronously with the help of Rabbitmq message broker. Now, inside this section we are going to focus on how to build the asynchronous communication or event driven communication between microservices with the help of Apache Kafka. So before I try to explain what is Apache Kafka in detail, first let me give a quick introduction about what are the differences between Rabbitmq and Apache Kafka, under which scenarios we need to choose Apache Kafka or Rabbitmq. Like we discussed previously, both Kafka and Rabbitmq are popular messaging systems, but they have some fundamental differences in terms of how they are designed architecture and use cases. If you ask me what are these differences? The very first difference is in terms of design. Kafka is a distributed event streaming platform, whereas Rabbitmq is a message broker. This means Kafka is designed to handle large volumes of data, while Rabbitmq is designed to handle smaller volumes of data with more complex routing requirements. So if you are looking for complex routing requirements inside your application, then you need to go with the Rabbitmq. Whereas if you are trying to handle a large amount of data, then Apache Kafka is the best product for you these days. Rabbitmq is also trying to become an event streaming platform in the recent versions but there is a long way for them to achieve the capabilities provided by the Apache Kafka. The next important difference is around the data retention, how the data is going to be stored inside the Apache Kafka and Rabbitmq. So whenever you send the messages or event details to these products, Kafka is going to store all the data on the disk, whereas Rabbitmq is going to store the data inside memory. Since Kafka is using disk capacity to store the data, it can store or retain any amount of data for longer periods of time, while rabbitmq since it is trying to store the data inside the memory, it is more suitable for the applications that require very low latency. After the data retention there is also a difference in terms of performance. Kafka is generally considered as faster than rabbitmq, especially whenever you are trying to deal with large volumes of data. However, Rabbitmq can have better performance in the scenarios where your application need complex routing requirements. After the performance. moving on to the scalability, Kafka is highly scalable, whereas Rabbitmq is more limited in its scalability. Why Kafka is highly scalable. Because whenever we are using Kafka, we can horizontally add any number of Kafka brokers to the Kafka cluster. That means there is no limitations to you on how much data you want to process or how much Kafka brokers that you want to set up inside the cluster. Whereas when you are dealing with Rabbitmq, definitely there will be some limitations on how much you want to scale rabbitmq. So overall, both of these products are good. They support event streaming or asynchronous communication between your microservices. So whenever you are in the dilemma which product to use, it completely depends upon your requirements. If you are looking for an high performance messaging system that can handle any large volume of data, then Kafka is a good choice. Whereas if you are not going to handle large volume of data and if you are looking for a message system with a complex routing requirements, then rabbitmq is a good choice. Moreover, Rabbitmq is very easy to maintain compared to the Apache Kafka. In simple words, if your organization is going to handle a small amount of data on day to day basis, then Rabbitmq is a good choice. Otherwise you can always go with the Apache Kafka. With this, I'm assuming you are super clear about what are the differences between Apache Kafka and Rabbitmq. From the next lecture, let's try to understand more details about Apache Kafka. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.