Now, inside this lecture, I'm going to give a quick introduction to the Apache Kafka. Before I try to share more details about Apache Kafka. Let me show you an real life example that is very close to the Apache Kafka. Like you can see here in between, there is a receiver we call it as a broker. If you can remember our childhood days, maybe if you go a decade back or two decades back, whenever we want to see a movie inside our home, what is the option that we have? We need to set up these receiver and the same receiver we need to connect to the speakers and the television that we have. Once I set up the connection between the receiver and the television speakers as a next step, I can take any movie that I want to play in the form of DVD, Blu ray or CD, the same information. I'm going to feed into the receiver as soon as my receiver is able to read the movie data or a video data or audio data from the DVD, Blueray, CD. It is going to stream that data to the destinations at the consumers like speakers and television. And very similarly, whenever we want to see normal TV channels, we will have the antenna and the antenna is going to be connected to the TV setup box. And from the TV setup box, the audio and video will be distributed to the television and speakers. The same case with the USB. You can also connect the USB to this receiver and whatever data present inside the USB, the receiver is going to play by sending the data to the destination like television and speakers. Here we have producers at the top who holds the source of data. So they are going to continuously stream the data to the consumers, like television and speakers with the help of this receiver. So this receiver is going to act as a broker. So now if you try to correlate this to the Apache Kafka, the Apache Kafka is going to act as a broker in between the producers and consumers, the same we have seen inside a rabbitmq scenario also. But Apache Kafka is capable of streaming any amount of data, whereas Rabbitmq it cannot stream large amount of data. It can only process very limited amount of data. So that's why I'm trying to compare the receiver that we have in this scenario to the Apache Kafka, but not to the Rabbitmq. With this example, at least, I'm assuming you understand that Apache Kafka is an event streaming broker which always accepts the data from the producers and send the same to the consumers. So with that quick introduction, let's go to the actual definition of Apache Kafka. So Apache Kafka is an open source distributed event streaming platform like we discussed previously. It is designed to handle large scale of data at real time and it is also capable of streaming the data at real time. Apart from streaming the data, it is also capable of high throughput, fault tolerant and scalable data processing. Apache Kafka is mainly used to build the real time streaming data pipelines and applications that adopt to that data streams. So you can have a producer application continuously sending the data in the format of logs or in the format like Json, XML. So regardless of whatever format that you are trying to use the producers, they can continuously send that data. And the other side, the consumers, they are going to process the data by accepting the same from the Kafka. So inside the Apache Kafka, there are many important components like producers, topics, brokers, partitions, offsets and very similarly, we also have replication consumer groups, streams. So these are all the important components available inside the Apache Kafka. Let me try to explain about all these components by taking an visual example. We all know the very first important component inside any event streaming platform is the producers. So the producers are the application who are going to responsible to produce a data or to produce an event. That's why we call them as producer. So inside your application you can have any number of producers. So these producers, they will connect to an Kafka cluster and they are going to be continuously pushing the messages into the Kafka cluster. So when I say that data is going to be continuously pushed by the producers into the Kafka cluster, we need to understand how it is going to happen or how it is going to be handled within the Kafka cluster. So what is a cluster? It is a set of servers which are going to work together to produce a desired output. Very similarly inside Kafka cluster. We can have any number of brokers. So a broker represents a server inside the Kafka cluster that is capable of accepting the data from the producers and sending the same to the consumers. So inside this cluster, I have given three brokers like broker1, broker2, broker3 in production environment. The recommendation is to have at least three brokers so that your messages can be replicated at least in two different brokers. Even if we lost one of the broker due to some earthquake or fire accident, your data is going to be safely available as a backup inside the broker2. And these brokers, they are not going to be deployed in the same geographical location. Multiple brokers will be deployed at multiple geographical locations so that your replicated messages at data are going to be stayed in different geographical locations. So now think like I have a cluster and inside the cluster I have three brokers. So now let's try to understand what is going to happen inside a broker. Inside a broker, we can have topics. A topic is very similar to exchange that we have inside the Rabbitmq. So my producers, they are going to connect with a topic and whatever messages that they want to send, they are going to send a topic. So inside an organization we can have various topics like to send communication or to process the refund of the payment. So based upon your scenarios, you can have multiple topics and accordingly you can configure a producer to a specific topic. And whenever that event happens inside a producer, it is going to push a message or event into a topic. So a broker can have any number of topics. Just now I said, All your producers, they are going to send the messages and the events to the topics. Does that mean all the data that I pushed into the topics are going to be stored directly inside the topics? No, it is not going to work that way. Inside the topics we are going to have multiple partitions. So what is the purpose of partitions? Like we discussed previously, Kafka is capable of storing any amount of data. Does that mean I can store all data related to a topic inside a single broker? It is not going to be possible since I want to store the large amount of data with multiple brokers inside multiple brokers, I'm going to have a same topic but different partitions like P0, P1, P2, P3,. For example, take a scenario where I'm going to trigger an event whenever a new account is created inside a BankApplication. So this event is responsible to send the communication to my end user. So my BankApplication may have millions of customers and sending all the messages or data of all these millions of customers into a particular topic or into a particular broker is not going to be a recommended approach. Because it may not be possible to store all the data inside a single broker. So to handle these kind of scenarios, Kafka has partitions. I can build logic such a way that all the communication that I want to send for the New York customers needs to be go to the partition zero. And similarly, all the customer communication details related to the Washington. It has to go to the other partition like P1. So this way, based upon my business use case, I can separate my messages or events to various partitions in a single topic and this gives me flexibility to store any amount of data because I can add any number of brokers inside my cluster. And whenever a message we are trying to store inside a partition, we are going to provide an offset ID to the message right from 0 to 1, two, three, four, so on. It will keep on increasing the offset number. So what is the purpose of this offset number or offset ID? So this will give flexibility to the Apache Kafka and consumers to uniquely identify a particular message. So whenever my consumer says that it has processed all the messages up to the offset ID nine inside the P0 partition, then it indicates it has processed all the messages that we stored inside the P0 partition. So in other words, these offset ID's are similar to sequence ID's that we have inside the database rows. So whenever we try to create a new row inside a database table, we are going to assign a sequence number. Very similarly, we are going to assign the offset ID for each message. And here you may have a question like under P0 and P1, the offset IDs are being duplicated like 0011. Will this not create any issues? Off course it is not going to create any issues because apart from the offset ID the consumers, they are also going to consider the partition number. So the combination of topic partition and the offset ID is going to be a unique always inside your Apache Kafka. So once my message is stored inside a topic with the help of partition and after assigning the offset ID, these messages are ready to be consumed by my consumers. If you try to see the story on the other side and the other side, I'm going to have multiple consumers who are continuously trying to pull the messages from a particular topic and the partition that they have registered. And here you can see I can also group my consumers with the concept of consumer group inside the Apache Kafka. So there are two groups here like Consumer groupA and Consumer GroupB, so what is the purpose of this grouping of consumers? I can group my consumers that are responsible to process the data available inside a particular topic. Maybe I can have group of consumers which are responsible to pull the messages under a topic with the name send a communication. So whatever messages that we are going to have in this send communication topic, all the messages are going to be processed by the set of consumers. So here with the setup of consumer group, it is also possible to process the messages Parallelly. I can configure for the consumer1 to always process the messages available inside the partition0. And similarly partition one messages can be processed by the consumer2. So this way I can have my consumers to parallelly process the messages as they are coming into the topic from the producer side. So this is the plain story that is going to happen behind the scenes whenever you try to implement Apache Kafka. Apart from these one more advantage of Apache Kafka is, it is going to replicate your data in multiple brokers. Like if you try to save a message into one of the broker, the same is also going to be replicated in one more broker, like broker2 or broker3. This way, your Kafka data processing is also fault tolerant, Even if you lose the message available inside the broker1 you are going to have a copy of it inside the broker2 or broker3. I hope now you are clear with all the important components available inside the Apache Kafka. Now if you try to look at the definitions that I have provided, they are going to make sense to you. So let's try to revisit the definitions very quickly. So first we have producers like we discussed. Producers are responsible to produce the messages or events by writing them into a specific topic. So what is a topic? Kafka organizes data into topics. A topic is a particular stream of data that can be divided into multiple partitions. And whenever we are trying to write a message inside a partition, it is going to be identified by an offset ID. Next we have brokers. Brokers are nothing but Kafka servers which are going to store the data and replicate the data that we receive, and they are also responsible to receive the messages from producers and assigning the offset IDs to the messages and serving the messages to the consumers. And post the brokers we already discussed what is partitions, what is offset ID, what is the importance of them. Now moving on to the next important components replication. Like we discussed with the help of replication, Kafka is going to replicate your data across multiple brokers to ensure fault tolerance. So with the help of this replication, your data is going to be maintained at multiple locations, allowing that you are ready for failover and high availability. After replication, we have consumers, consumer groups we already discussed what are those now moving on to the last component, which is streams. So Kafka Streams is a client libraries that enables stream processing within Kafka. With the help of the libraries available inside the streams. Any application they can produce data in real time and send the same to the Kafka server and at the same time, on the consumer side, any kind of application. It can also connect to the Kafka server and consume the data and process the same. I hope you are super, super clear with all these important components. I also mentioned all the important points that we have discussed inside this slide for your reference, what is a Kafka cluster? How many number of brokers it should have in a production environment, and what is the topic, what is a partition, why should we have partitions inside a Kafka topic, what are offset ID's ? So all those details that we have discussed, I have mentioned them inside this slides on a high level for your quick reference in future. With this, I'm assuming you are super, super clear about that. Apache Kafka introduction. But please note that whatever we discussed is only basics of Apache Kafka. We are not going to deep dive into the Apache Kafka because this is not the course focusing on Apache Kafka. I'm just trying to give very basic details so that you can try to implement the event streaming inside your microservices with the help of Kafka. Thank you, and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.