Now, inside this lecture, let me share more details on what is going to happen whenever a producer is trying to send a message to the Kafka server. And at the same time, whenever a consumer is trying to read the message from the Kafka server. The very first action that needs to happen on the producer side is the producer has to be configured, which means inside my application, a producer needs to be configured. And this involves setting up properties like what is the endpoint URL of Kafka broker, what is the serialization format for messages and other optional configurations like whether you are producer has to follow any compression or batching to send the messages. Once the producer related configuration is completed. Now my producer has to select the topic that it needs to send the messages, which means whenever a producer wants to send a message to the Kafka, it needs to mention what is the topic to which it wants to stream the data within the Kafka. If the topic does not exist based upon your configurations on the broker side, the topic can be created dynamically. So now think like producer side everything is configured and topic selection is also completed. As a next step, my producer can send the message to the Kafka by using the Kafka client Libraries APIs. The producer has to specify what is the target topic and what is the serialized message that it is trying to send to the Kafka broker. And if needed, the producer also can provide what is a partition key that it wants to consider while saving the message inside the Kafka. This is completely optional. As a next step, as soon as the message is received by my Kafka broker, the Kafka is going to assign your message to one of the partition. If the partition key is provided by the producer the same, it is going to be used by the Kafka broker and inside the same partition it is going to store. If no partition key is provided, then Kafka uses various approaches like Round Robin or hashing algorithm to distribute your messages evenly across various partitions. Once my Kafka broker identified to which partition, the message has to be stored, the Kafka is going to do an offset assignment, which means it is going to assign an offset ID to the message that it received from the producer and post that it is going to append the message to the partition that it has identified. And once the message is successfully stored inside a partition with the help of offset ID as a next step, if you have enabled the replication, the message replication will be done by the Kafka broker. So the Kafka is going to make sure that your message is going to be copied in other Kafka brokers based upon your configurations. And this message replication can happen asynchronously or synchronously based upon your configurations. Once the message replication is completed as a last step, your Kafka broker is going to give an acknowledgment to your producer. If there is some error happen the same, it is going to convey to the producer. So the producer has to receive the acknowledgment from the Kafka. If there is some error the same, it has to handle inside the business logic. Otherwise the producer can continue processing its next business logic without worrying about who is going to process your message. The Kafka is going to take care of that by assigning that to one of the consumer. Here based upon the acknowledgment and the error received by the producer from the Kafka broker. If needed, they can also try multiple retry attempts to send the message to the Kafka broker and these acknowledgments you are going to receive based upon your mode of configuration. The producer may wait for the acknowledgment from all the replicas or it can simply wait for only the leader replica. So what is leader replica when your message is stored inside a broker very first time it is going to be the leader replica. Once the leader replica is completed, the other replicas Kafka broker is going to do behind the scenes. So here the producer has an option to completely wait for all the replicas to complete or to simply wait for the leader replica to complete. So this is what is going to happen on the producer side. Now think like our message right now stored inside the Kafka broker successfully. As a next step, let's try to understand what is going to happen on the consumer side. Like we discussed before, all our consumers, they are going to assign to a consumer group and each consumer inside a consumer group, they need to subscribe to one of the topic available inside the Kafka broker. Which means before a consumer tried to read a message from a Kafka broker. It needs to join a consumer group and all the consumers assigned to a consumer group. They are going to subscribe to one or more topics. And this subscription also specifies which topics the consumer wants to consume, messages from the Kafka Broker. Once a consumer is assigned to the consumer group and it subscribed to one of the topic as a next step, my Kafka is going to assign the partitions of the subscribed topics to the consumers available within the consumer group. So each partition can be consumed by only one consumer in the group. This will ensure a balanced distribution of partition among consumers and to achieve the parallel processing. So now, from the first two steps, the consumer is assigned to a consumer group. It also assigned to a topic and inside the topic it also assigned to a partition. As a next step, the offset management has to be done by my consumer. That means the consumer should maintain its offset details for each partition it is trying to consume. Initially, the offset number is going to be the null because my consumer never consumed any messages inside a partition as it is trying to process the messages from a partition, the consumer needs to update its offset to keep track of the progress. Otherwise my consumer will never know up to which offset number it has processed previously. So once my consumer understands like up to which offset number it has processed previously as a next step, it can try to send a fetch request to the Apache Kafka broker. So inside this the consumer is going to send a fetch request and as part of this fetch request, it will mention what is the topic, what is the partition and what is the offset number from which the consumer want to reach the message. And inside this request also the consumer can mention what is the number of messages that it is trying to fetch in each request. Unlike Rabbitmq inside Apache Kafka, a consumer can read multiple messages at a time, like my consumer can try to fetch 100 messages at a time inside each fetch request. This is going to improve the performance of your Kafka setup whenever you are trying to handle the large amount of data. Once my Kafka broker receives this fetch request, the Kafka broker is going to retrieve the requested messages from the corresponding partitions log and the same messages it is going to send back to the consumer as a fetch response. The response contains all the messages, their associated offsets and metadata information. As a next step, obviously, the messages will be processed on the consumer side based upon the business logic that we have written. This process can involve transforming the messages or aggregation, calculations or any other operations based upon the business requirements. After message processing, my consumer has to commit the offset number to the broker, saying that I have processed the messages up to this offset number. This confirms to the Apache Kafka broker that my consumer processed all the messages up to this offset number. So committing these offset number ensures that consumers progress is persisted inside the Kafka broker, and the same can be resumed from that point in case of failure or restart is going to happen. So this process of fetching requests, processing them, committing the offset is going to continuously happen as part of the polling loop. So the consumer continuously is going to repeat the step four, five, six, seven. And this way, as soon as the messages are going to be arrived into a partition inside a topic, immediately my consumer is going to process them in near real time. I hope you are clear with the consumer side story and now you may feel like this looks very complex to me. Like how should I implement such a complex architecture or event driven model inside my microservices? How should I create a topic, how should I create a partition, how should I create a offset number? So this sounds super complex to you, but like I said, don't worry, we have our friend, which is Spring Cloud Stream. It is going to make this process of setting Apache Kafka super, super easy. When you are going to see the demo, you are going to like it because it is very simple from that developer perspective, all the infrastructure headache is going to taken care by the spring cloud stream. I hope you are clear up to this point. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.