To get started with the Apache Kafka inside our microservices setup. First, we need to make sure to install and setup Kafka inside our local system. For the same, we need to go to these website kafka.apache.org. Inside this website you will be able to see all the details around Kafka, like what are its core capabilities, ecosystem use cases. If you are interested, please read all these information around Kafka at the top of this website. They also clearly highlighted that Apache Kafka is being used by more than 80% of the fortune 100 companies, the Kafka team. They also provided these metrics. By sharing these important information, the Kafka team, they are trying to convey that Kafka is being used by majority of the enterprise organizations. To get started with Apache Kafka setup inside our local system, you need to hover on to these. Get started and click on this quick start. Inside this page there are some details on how we can setup Kafka. The most easiest one is by using the docker. Anyway, we are using docker a lot inside this course. What we can do is we can copy these docker command. So please make sure you're copying the docker command under this heading JVM based. Don't try to take the command from the graalvm inside my terminal. I'm trying to execute the same command. When we start this command, the Kafka is going to start at the port 992 inside my local system. As soon as I press enter, the Kafka is going to start. After a few seconds you will see output something like this. And inside this console logs, you'll be able to see that the Kafka is waiting for the connections at the port 992, the same we need to configure inside our message microservice under account microservice. Because these services, they want to communicate asynchronously by leveraging event streaming capabilities. I hope you are also successful in setting up Kafka inside our local system. This is very important step. Once we test everything inside our local IntelliJ, then we can also update the docker compose file to include Kafka setup. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture.