To get started with the code changes inside accounts and message microservice to leverage the Apache Kafka, we need to create a new folder inside our workspace. Since we are inside section 14, I'm going to copy the code from section 13 inside the same folder. I'm going to rename this folder to section 14. With this, now we have a code related to section 14. Let me delete that .idea folder and post that I'm going to open this section14 code inside my IntelliJ idea. Here I'm going to click on this open button. I'll go to Storage, Workspaces, Microservices Section 14 and I'm going to click on this open button. Post that I'm going to click on this load button which will load all my Maven projects. As a next step, let me go to the pom.xml of AccountsMicroservice. And here the only change that I have to make here is, right now we are using the dependency related to the Rabbitmq. If you can see here we are trying to use the spring cloud stream binder library which is related to Rabbitmq. Instead of Rabbit here we need to mention Kafka. So after making this change, I'm also going to update the tag name from s13 to s14. So now let me save this file and do a maven reload. As a next step, I'm also going to open the pom.xml of message microservice. So inside the message microservice also, I need to replace this rabbit with Kafka. After making these dependency changes, I will also update the tag name from s13 to s14. For all the remaining microservices, I'm going to update the tag name behind the scenes whenever I try to generate the Docker images, so let me load the maven changes. Once we make these changes inside the pom.xml files I can open the application.yml file present inside message microservice. So here we have mentioned the rabbitmq related connection details. I just want to delete them because we are no more going to use rabbitmq inside this section, so let me delete them. Now I'm going to define new properties under the element stream. So let me take the same position like bindings because I want to create the properties under stream elements. So right now I'm at the correct location. Here I'm going to paste a property. The property is spring.cloud.stream.kafka. After the Kafka binder brokers under the brokers we need to mention what is the endpoint URL of Kafka? Where is the Kafka is available. The Kafka inside Our local system is available at the Port 9092 and with the hostname as localhost. If you have multiple Kafka brokers running inside the cluster, you can try to mention all of them as a list of elements under these brokers. Since right now we have only a single Kafka broker running inside our system. We need to mention a single value here, so let me try to make the similar changes inside the application.yml file of accounts microservice because inside accounts microservice also we have mentioned properties related to the Rabbitmq. First, I need to make sure I'm deleting the rabbitmq related details. So let me select all these properties and simply delete them. Now I will move my cursor at the same position where bindings is present post that I'm going to mention new properties which is kafka.binder.brokers, and what are the brokers details, which is localhost 9092. So these are the only changes that we have to do. We don't have to make any other changes to make our microservices work asynchronously with the help of event streaming model and the Apache Kafka. I'm not joking here. These are the only changes I just replaced that dependencies and connection details of Rabbitmq with the Kafka details. That's the only changes that I have done. With this, I'm assuming you are super, super clear about the power of Spring cloud stream. All the infrastructure concerns it is going to take care behind the scenes. For developer, it is going to give a nice developer experience because the transition from one product to other product is going to be super quick by just adding the dependencies and properties that are needed for a particular product. As a next step, I can start all of my microservices. So behind the scenes I'm going to start all my microservices. So let me do the same. Behind the scenes, I started all my required microservices. Like you can see I started my config server, Eureka Server AccountsApplication, message application and GatewayServerApplication. Now my accounts and message microservice are right now connected to the local Kafka running behind the scenes. We can also validate the same if the required topics are created inside the Apache Kafka or not by using a plugin available inside the IntelliJ idea. The plugin is Kafkalytic. You need to install the same from the marketplace inside your IntelliJ idea. Once you have installed this plugin, you can click on this add button and mention the Kafka Broker details. Inside our local system, we have only one broker which is running at the port localhost 9092. So let me mention those. And after that I can click on the test connection. You can see the connection is successful. I can click okay and post that I'm going to click on this okay button. With this you can see I have a new folder under this kafkalytic. Let me open this and this is my local Kafka cluster Details. Inside this there are brokers, there is one broker. Similarly, if you try to open consumers, you can see there are two consumers because the communication between accounts and message microservice is going to be two way using asynchronous communication. First, my accounts microservice is going to produce the message for my message microservice. In such scenario, my message microservice is going to act as a consumer, whereas in the vice versa scenario where my message microservice is going to produce a message, in such scenario, the accounts microservice is going to act as a consumer. That's why under the consumers we are able to see both of them and we also have only one broker inside our local system. Whereas if we have multiple brokers inside real production cluster, you should be able to see all of them. Now, if you try to open the topics here, you should be able to see that topics information which is communication-sent and send-communication based upon the destination details that we have defined inside the application.yml file. And there is also a consumer offset topic which is going to be used by the Apache Kafka Internally. With this it is pretty clear that our local microservices are able to connect with the Kafka server that we have started in the local system. As a next step, we can try to test the scenario and see if the asynchronous communication is happening between two microservices. For the same, first, I need to start my Keycloak server because my gateway server right now is secured with the help of OAuth2 standards. Here inside my Docker desktop I'm trying to start my existing Keycloak container by clicking on the start button. This will start my keycloak container. I can validate if the client details are available inside the Keycloak server. So let me try to access the URL which is localhost 7080 and you can see I'm able to access the same and I can click on this administration console and here I can enter credentials like admin, admin and post that I'm going to click on the sign in button and I'll go to clients and here we have a client with the name eazybank-callcenter-cc I'm going to copy the credential details as a next step before I try to invoke my API inside my postman. I'm going to keep a breakpoint inside my message microservice. So for the same let me go to message and here I'm going to open the class with the name message functions and here I'm going to put a breakpoint inside my email function. Now let me try to invoke this create API available inside the accounts microservice. Before that, let me try to get the access token by mentioning the correct client ID and credentials. So here I'm trying to mention the credentials that I have copied post that I'm going to click on this Get new access token. I will try to use the same access token and click on this send button. You can see I received a successful response from my accounts microservice and behind the scenes it might also pushed an message into my Kafka cluster. That's why the breakpoint right now stopped inside my email function. Before I try to release this breakpoint, I can show you tha what is the column value that we have inside the accounts table? So here I'm trying to access the H2 console of accounts microservice. Let me click on this connect button and post that I will execute the query against my accounts table. So you can see right now the communications which is null. As soon as I tried to release this breakpoint immediately the column is going to be updated to true value. So let me release this now I'll go to the H2 console here. I'm going to run this command again. This time you should be able to see a value true under the communication switch. This confirms that our end to end scenario is working fine with the help of Apache Kafka. Did you see how easy it is to switch from Rabbitmq to the Kafka if you are not using Spring Cloud functions and spring cloud stream. You need to do hell lot of work. That's why my humble request always leverages these latest projects or latest techniques available inside the spring ecosystem. Even today I see many developers they are using old approaches to connect with the Rabbitmq and Kafka, and I feel very sad for them because they can easily achieve this job with the help of spring cloud functions and spring cloud stream. But I'm very happy because I'm able to educate at least you with the help of this course. And please spread this word or knowledge to the other developers as well. So now we tested everything inside the local system. As a next step, we need to test the same inside the Docker environment. For the same, I'm going to generate the Docker images which are specific to the section14 and the same I'm going to push them into the Docker hub and I'm also going to make some changes inside that Docker compose file which we can try to execute the same and validate the entire changes inside the Docker environment. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.