Behind the scenes, I have generated the Docker images for all the seven applications that we have with the tag name as S14. The same I have pushed into the Docker hub as well. You can also validate the same inside my Docker hub. If you try to open any of the docker image, there'll be a tag name with a value S14. As a next step, we need to update the docker compose file to use this S14 docker images. And along with that, we need to remove RabbitMQ related service details and introduce the Kafka service details inside the Kafka website. We don't have any official information on how to leverage Kafka using Docker Compose. After doing some research, I found some good resource under this website. So the website is developer.confluent.io. Inside this website there is a tutorial on how to use Kafka inside Docker environment, and in this page they have provided the configurations that we need to make inside a docker compose file. We can rely on this configuration because confluent is a very famous company who primarily focus on helping the enterprise organizations in setting up Kafka. Basically, these guys are Kafka experts. Before we try to take this configuration, let's try to understand what they have provided here. So first under the services they are trying to give the service name as broker, followed by this is the image that they're trying to use, which is the same image that we have used previously. Next they're trying to provide the host name container name. And these are the port mappings. And these are all the environment variables that my Kafka requires to start successfully inside these environment variables. At some places you will see the host name is being used like broker. Here they are using. And similarly here also they're using basically whatever service name and host name that you are providing the same value you have to provide just before the port numbers that you see here. So here we need to update if you are using some different value. The same applies here. Also instead of localhost, we can also mention the service name or host name. Similarly here also we need to update here as well and here as well. At last here they have provided all zero IP address which is nothing but localhost. Here. Also we can replace the service name instead of mentioning all these zeros. But don't try to alter these values. So here you're seeing broker. But in case if you are using some other service name don't change these values. What I'll do is I'll try to copy this configurations and try to change the service name to Kafka along with the host name and container name, because for some reason I'm not liking this broker name. And this broker can be a Kafka, or it can be RabbitMQ. So just to avoid that confusion, I'm going to replace this broker values with the value Kafka. Inside the docker compose file I have removed the RabbitMQ related configurations, and in the same place I have pasted the Kafka configurations that we have inside this website. As you can see, I changed the service name to Kafka. The same applies for hostname and container name. So since I'm using Kafka as a name, I need to make sure I'm using the same at all the places wherever the port number is mentioned. So here, here and coming to the end, here, here, here and here. But don't try to change this value. This has to be broker. As you know inside Kafka Cluster we will be having brokers and controllers the same they're trying to refer here. These are the Kafka process roles after these environment variables I also defined health check details. By using these health check details we are going to identify whether the Kafka started successfully. Basically, by using this command I'm trying to run a shell command instruction NC means netcat by using netcat command. I'm trying to check if I'm able to send some requests at the port 992. So here the hostname has to be Kafka, because we have defined the hostname as Kafka here. After the health check. As usual, we should also mention these extra details once you define all these details towards the end under account, under message service. We need to make some changes as well. Let me go for accounts inside these accounts configurations under the depends on. Previously we used to have RabbitMQ, but right now I replace that with the Kafka details. So unless the Kafka is started the service is not going to start. And next, under the environment variables I have defined a variable with the name spring Cloud stream Kafka Binder brokers, and here we need to mention the hostname as Kafka followed by 992. The similar changes we have to do under messages as well. So here also I have defined this depends on followed by these environment variable along with this value. Apart from these changes, I also changed the tag name inside this docker compose file. Since we are right now into the section 14, I replaced all S13 with the S14 values. So whatever changes that I'm explaining right now, I have done under the docker compose file the very similar changes. I'm also going to do inside the default under profile as well. And all these changes, I'm going to push into the GitHub repo for your reference. With this we are good from the code changes. As a next step, we can go ahead and run the docker compose command. But before that we need to make sure we stopped all running containers like Kafka Keycloak inside our local system. Also, please make sure to stop all the running services inside your IntelliJ. We should also stop the running local Apache Kafka server for the same. Inside the terminal where I have started my Apache Kafka server, I'm going to press Ctrl C that will stop the running Kafka server. Along with the Kafka server, we should also stop the running container of Keycloak, because behind the scenes, my docker compose file is going to start a new container. So now I have stopped all the running containers and running servers inside my local system. As a next step, I can try to run the docker compose command, so the command is going to be docker compose up hyphen d. This will start all my containers and it is going to take a couple of minutes. Let me wait for this to complete behind the scenes. After a couple of minutes all my containers started successfully. As a next step, I need to set up the client details inside the key cloud for the same. I came to my Keycloak website and here I'm going to click on this administration console and enter the Admin credentials post that I will try to create a new client by using this create client option and mention the client ID as easy bank hyphen call center hyphen cc. So let me click on this next button and enable this client authentication followed by disabling the standard Flow Direct Access grants. After that I'm going to enable this service account roles. Now I'm going to click on this next button. Save and post that I will try to get my credentials. So let me copy this these credentials and mention the same inside my postman. Now my client is created but it does not have enough roles assigned. Let me try to assign the same here. First I'll go to Realm roles for search. I'll click on this Create Role and create a role with the name accounts. So let me save this and I'll go back to clients and open the client that we have created. And here I will click on this service account roles. And using this assign role I will try to assign the role with the name accounts. So now we have assigned the role to our client. As a next step I can try to test the API with the help of postman. So here first let me try to get the access token using this get new access token. The same I'm going to use inside my request post that I'm going to invoke this post API by using this send button. After few seconds, I got a successful response. Now to confirm whether the communication between accounts and message happened or not, with the help of Kafka and asynchronous communication. We need to validate the logs available inside the containers of accounts and message microservice. So here first I'm going to open the message microservice logs. Here you'll be able to see there are some logs related to sending email with the details and sending SMS with the details. Along with that, there are some other details related to the consume coordinator offset informations. So this confirms right now my message microservice is leveraging Apache Kafka. So now let me go back to the containers and open the accounts microservice container logs. And here we have the log which is is the communication request successfully triggered. There is a value true and post that. We also have another logger saying that updating communication status for the so and so account number. So this confirms that the communication between two microservice is happening with the help of event streaming platform, which is Apache Kafka. I hope you are clear with the demo. Before we try to close this section, let me confirm you that I have mentioned that all the changes that we have done inside the slides as well, we have just done two changes. The very first one is replacing the rabbit related Maven dependency with the Kafka and post that we also updated the Kafka connection details inside the application of accounts and message microservice, so I just mentioned them for your quick reference. I also want to confirm you that I checked in all the code that we have discussed inside this section 14 into this folder inside the GitHub repo. And you can see the comments again, this folder, which is event driven microservices using Kafka, Spring Cloud Functions and stream. With this we are done discussing about the challenge, which is building event driven microservices. And in the same process we explored two products. One is RabbitMQ and the other one is Apache Kafka. So with this information you should be able to clear any interview whenever they are trying to ask you questions around the event driven microservices. You can impress them by talking about the capabilities provided by the Spring Cloud Functions and Spring Cloud Stream. Before you try to close this lecture, I have a request. Please provide your review to the course. If you are not provided as of now, please, please take a minute and provide your feedback inside the Udemy. This helps me as an instructor to understand your feedback and at the same time, it is also going to help to reach other students who are trying to learn the microservice course. If you want to share the feedback personally to me, please send a message inside Udemy or LinkedIn. Or you can also send an email to me by writing an email to tutor at the rate. Easy bites.com. You have all my contact details inside my website which is easy bites.com, so please spare two minutes to provide your feedback. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next section. Bye.