In this lecture, I would like to show you why do we need generics? So if I create a new class for addition helper and within this class I create a public static integer method od. Of course the input values are integers and what I do just for demonstration purposes, I return with number one plus number two. And of course, if I want to use this method, then I can do it without any problem from the main method. I just have to call addition helper dot od and I have to define the integers accordingly. So if I save and run the application, of course we end up with 30. So far so good. What if I would like to use this method? Not with integers, but for example with floating point values. We can use something called method overloading. So method overloading can solve this problem. I copy and paste the same method, and instead of integers we use floating point values. And as you can see, we can do it without any problem. In the main method we can add floating point values. Of course, we have to notify Java that we are using floating point values. So this is why we have f because if we use something like this, this is a double. We are going to talk about how to handle doubles as well. So if we are dealing with floating point values then it is working fine because of method overloading. So we can create multiple methods of the same name but with different type parameters. And this is exactly what's happening here. Of course we can do the same. So I copy and paste because we can use it for doubles. And this is going to work just fine. Then we can copy and paste again and we can use it for long values. So if we use something like this and now we get back to the main method, and instead of the floating point values, we are using it with long values. By the way we can use capital L or lowercase l. This is exactly the same. This is how we notify Java that this is not an integer value, but a long value, which means that this method will be called under the hood. So essentially we can solve a problem like this with the help of method overloading. But we will come to the conclusion that it is way more convenient and way more powerful to use generics, because we don't have to use method overload and create a large number of methods, we can use just a single generic method, and the generic type may be an integer, a floating point value, a double, or a long. Okay, so this is what I wanted to show you in this lecture that why do we need generics at all? We can deal with method overloading, but it is not the most elegant solution possible.