In the previous lecture we have been talking about that we can use method overloading instead of generics. And in this lecture we are going to talk about how to use generics. First of all, I would like to show you the naive approach to implement generics so I can create a new class, for example, store and we create a field variable. What we know for certain is object is the parent class of every single class in Java. So if we use an item with object as the type, then essentially we can store an integer, a floating point value, a double, even a custom object. So we may come to the conclusion that it is quite convenient. We just define the getters and setters. So we have the object as the item, and we have to set this dot item to be the item, and we have to generate the getter. So get item. And of course it returns with this item. So if we create a store class like this, then let's see how to achieve a generic behavior. So first of all we create the store and we instantiate it as a new store. And then we can set the item. And for example we can store a given integer. In this case the primitive integer is transformed into an integer object. And because integer has the object as the parent class, so it is working fine. We can get the given value. So integer. We have the item that is equals to store get item. Of course, because the get item returns with an object. What we have to do is that we have to cast it into an integer, but otherwise it is working fine. So system.out.print line and we can print out the item. So this is the item and we append the item accordingly. So if I save and rerun the application then it is working fine. Of course we can use it with doubles. In this case we have to make sure that we use a double. So whenever we get the item, we have to cast it to the type of the value that we have inserted. And if we do something like this, then it is working fine. But what is the problem? The problem is that if we store, for example, floating point values, then as you can see, there is no compile time exception, which means that we may come to the conclusion that okay, it is working fine, but if I save and run the application, then there is a class called exception because float cannot be cast to double. And this is the main problem with this implementation. We can use an object like this without any problem, because object is the parent class of every single class in Java, but we may end up with a runtime exception. So this is exactly what we have been talking about, that if we do not use generics in these cases, we have to cause the objects into strings, doubles, floating point numbers, whatever. And the Java virtual machine must test the typecasting at runtime. So this is exactly what's happening here. And of course what is the solution? If we are using generics then the compiler will know the type itself. So there is no need to check them. So basically with the help of generics we are able to eliminate runtime errors. If we will have a given error then it is going to be a compile time error. And of course we prefer compile time errors. So what we can do instead is that we can introduce generics. So in the store we can use the so-called diamond operator. And here we can define a generic type. So this is the diamond operator. And usually we use capital letters to represent the generic type such as capital T, capital U, capital V. Of course we can use something like this, that item. But this is not the standard approach. We use capital letters. And what does it mean? This capital T may be a string. It may be an integer. It may be a floating point number. It can be any type that we will define in the main method. And after we define it in the diamond operator here in the class definition, we can use it here. So the field variable is of type t. By the way, if we do not use the diamond operator then as you can see there is a compile time error. So this is how we notify Java that wait we are using generic capital T type in this class. So this is why if we use this capital T there is no compile time errors. And then we can use capital T here. And whenever we get the item we return with the generic type. And what does it mean whenever we instantiate a store? This is called the wrong type because we do not specify the generic type. But what we can do is that we can use this diamond operator, and we can notify Java that we are going to store strings. By the way, there is no need to define it here. We can use something like this and it is going to work just fine. Or by the way after Java 17 we can create a variable. And if we use a variable then we can specify that this is a string, which means that the store is storing strings. But I just want to make sure that we use the type explicitly. And as you can see we have a compile time error. So if we insert for example n and then we would like to get for example an integer or a double. Then there is a compile time error. And this is exactly why we like generics. Because if you may recall a few minutes earlier, without generics, we could do something like this and we ended up with a runtime exception. Now, with the help of generics, we transformed runtime exception into a compile time exception, and this is an extremely huge advantage. We like compile time exceptions. The problem is that we cannot cast string to integer, so it is quite obvious what we have to do with runtime exceptions. It is not that obvious what's happening exactly under the hood. So now we can get the string without any problem, and then we can print out the item. So if I save and rerun the application it is working fine. If we are using doubles then again there's a compile time error that we cannot insert a string. So essentially generics enforce type safety. So this is the final conclusion that generics enforces type safety. So if we have doubles then we have to make sure that we insert something like this. And of course we have to make sure that we get double values. So if I save and rerun the application, then we end up with the double value. Okay. So this is why generics is so powerful. By the way, we will come to the conclusion in one of the coming lectures that Java is going to use object under the hood. So whenever we compile the code the byte code doesn't include any generic types. So Java is going to replace all generic types with objects or with upper bounds. We are going to talk about it later. So you may pose the question then why do we bother with generics. And the answer is that it ensures type safety. If we use generics, we can transform runtime exceptions into compile time exceptions that are way easier to handle. So that's all about generic fundamentals with the diamond operator and generic types. Thanks for watching.