In the previous lectures, we have been talking about generics and how to use this so-called diamond operator, this less than, greater than operator. But of course we are able to create a so-called row type. So this is called row type. When we do not specify the type for the store, if we take a look at the store, we can use it with generics, but we can use it with row type without any problem. If we use it with row type, then we have no other option but to cast it. So in this case we have to use casting again. And this is of course the main advantage of using generics that if we define the generic type, then Java knows for certain that we are going to store double values. So we are able to insert doubles exclusively, and there is no need for casting whenever we get a given object. And by the way, we are going to talk about collections in one of the coming chapters, and we will come to the conclusion that we can create a list in a generic manner and we can instantiate it as a new array list, which means that list is an interface. It is the specification, and array list is the concrete implementation. Of course we can use it with raw types as well. So if we do not specify that what are the items that we want to store, then we can use it without any problem. But again, if we want to get a given item then we have to cast it. So for example it is an integer. But again we have to use typecasting because of row types. So this is why it is advisable to use generics for generic implementation and to avoid typecasting. But what I want to show you in this lecture is that if we go back to the store implementation, we see that there is a single generic type. And you may pose the question that is it possible to use multiple generic types that we use in that given class? And the answer is yes, we can do it without any problem. So, for example, if I create a new Java class and I create a hash table, let's make sure that we do not use hash capital T table because it is a Java related class. But let's use hash table like this. And we can notify Java that we will use two generic types of courses. We have discussed in the previous lectures that we can define something like this. But the convention is to use capital letters for generic types. And in this case we notify Java that there's going to be two generic types within this class. The first one is denoted by capital k, the second one is denoted by capital V. So what does it mean? We will talk about hash tables and hash maps in the coming lectures, and we will come to the conclusion that we can store key value pairs in an extremely efficient manner. So we have a key as the key. And we have a V type for the value. And of course, as you may guess, these generic types may be anything we can use a string for the key. And we can use an integer for the value. Or we can use an integer for the key. And we can use a custom object for the value. And what I want to do is that first of all I want to define the constructor. We get the key and we get the value. And of course we have to set the key. And we have to set the value to be the value. And then I would like to override the two string method. So whenever we print out a hash table object then the two string method is called automatically. And I return with this dot key plus some concatenation. And then this dot value. So if I save it then in the generic application I get rid of this. And what I want to show you is that first of all, as usual, we can create a new hash table like this. This is called row type. When we do not specify the generic types for the key and for the value. But this is not what we want. This is exactly why we use generics to notify Java that the first type is string, and for example, the second type is integer. And then we have to use this diamond operator whenever we instantiate that class. And of course we have to define the values for the constructor. We have Apple for the key and we have for example 23 as the value. So as you can see it is working fine. And whenever we print out system.out.print line the hash table. Then under the hood the toString method will be executed and we print out the key and the value concatenated. So let's save and let's run the application. And as you can see it is working fine. We have Apple and 23. What if we would like to define Fine. For example, an integer as the key and the value is a double. So we can do something like this. Of course there is a compile time error because of type mismatch. So here we have to use an integer for example 20. And then we have to use a double value something like this. And it is working fine. If I save and rerun the application we have 20 for the key and 23.4 for the value. So we can come to the conclusion that it is possible to introduce as many generic types as we want. And as you may guess, we can define a huge number of possible generic type without any problem. Of course, if we do so, let's assume that we define three generic types. Then of course, whenever we create a hash table here, we have to define the three types accordingly. And as you can see it is working fine. So that's all about using multiple generic types associated with a given class. Thanks for watching.