In the previous lectures, we have been talking about how to use a single generic type or multiple generic types in a given class, and in this lecture we are going to talk about how to handle generic methods. So just for demonstration purposes I create a new class generic class. And within this generic class I would like to create a method public void show that takes a generic type as the input. This is the item, and I would like to print out that the item is. And then we append the item and as you can see, there is a compile time error. Because whenever we create a generic method that relies on a generic type, then we have to notify Java with the diamond operator that we want to deal with a generic type. And as you can see, the compile time error is no longer present. So it is working fine. It is a bit confusing, or at least to me. At the beginning I confused it with the return type, but this is not the return type. We still have a void method without any return value, but this is how we notify Java that we are going to use a generic type that we define here. Of course, if we use capital V, then we have to make sure that the parameter is a capital V generic type accordingly. But let's get back to capital T because this is the standard notation for a single generic type. And then whenever we print out the item, we can call the toString method. And this is how we transform any generic object into a string. So what does it mean that in the main method. First of all, we can instantiate a new generic class as a new generic class, and we can call the show method. And for example, let's use an integer value. If we save and run the application, then it is working fine. If we are using a floating point value, then the generic type will be a floating point value and it is working fine. If we use, for example, a string, let's save and rerun the application. It is working fine, so we can come to the conclusion that we have managed to construct our first generic method. What's crucial that we have to define the generic type in the diamond operator. In the method definition. And after that we can use it without any problem. What if we are dealing with multiple generic values? For example, we have the item one and then we have another generic value represented by capital v. In this case, we have to make sure that we define that generic parameter as well. And as you can see it is working fine. We have the item one. And then we can define item two. If we save it, then in the generic application we have Adam and for example we have an integer value. So if we rerun the application the first item is Adam as the string. The second item is 32 as an integer value okay. And then of course we can return whatever value we want. So for example, if we want to create a method with just a single generic type, it is going to work just fine. I get rid of the second item first. We print out that the item is the item itself, and then we return with the item. Then of course we have to define the return type. And this is exactly the same as with standard methods. So this is why it may seem to be a bit confusing that first we have to notify Java that this is a generic method Third and there's going to be a single generic type. And then we can define the return type that is the generic type itself. So if we save and then we define for example Apple. And of course this is the value that we return. So we can use System.out.print line if I save and rerun the application. First of all we print out that the item is Apple. It is within the show method. And then we return with the item itself that we print out. So this is why we have Apple okay. So now we know how to deal with generic classes where we can use multiple generic values for example as field variables. And this is how we can deal with generic methods, whether with just a single generic type and parameter. Or we can define multiple generic types that the given method will use. Okay, so that's all about generic methods. Thanks for watching.