In the previous lecture, we have been talking about how to create generic methods, either with just a single generic type, or we can use as many generic types as arguments as we want. And in this lecture we are going to talk about a bit more complicated topic. First of all, what if we would like to construct a method that takes a one dimensional array of generic types? So far we have been talking about that. We just have to create something like this with the diamond operator. It is void. And for example, we have a print method and we can define a one dimensional array of generic type. This is exactly why we have to do something like this in the method definition. This is the array. And just for demonstration purposes let's iterate through. We have the generic elements in the array. And I just want to print out the items one by one. So far so good. We can use this method without any problem. So here in the main method, for example, if I create a one dimensional array of strings, we have the names. For example we have Anna, then we have Kevin, then we have Joe, then we have Daniel. If we do something like this, then we can use generic class dot print method. And because the print method uses a generic one dimensional array, it is going to work just fine. So if I save and run the application, then the print method gets the one dimensional array of strings. It iterates through this one dimensional array and prints out the value. Anna, Kevin, Joe and Daniel. Of course we can use it with integer values. So if we define integers one, 20, 34, three, and zero and for example these are the numbers. Then if we use the numbers as the input, we save and rerun the application. Then it works fine, because now Java is smart enough to figure out that okay, these are integer values. So it iterates through the one dimensional array of integers and it prints out the values one by one. But I would like to show you that if we want to create a one dimensional array of primitive integers, it is not going to work fine. So the first conclusion is that Java generics do not support primitive types. It only supports reference types such as, for example, integer like this, or strings or doubles or something like this. You may pose the question why we are going to talk about type erasure. That is maybe the most important concept when we are dealing with Java generics, because Java generics were implemented Using type erasure, which means generic type information is removed at compile time, so at runtime everything is treated as an object. So for example, if we have a one dimensional array of integers at compile time, it is transformed into a one dimensional array of objects at runtime. Don't worry, we are going to talk about type erasure in one of the coming chapters. I just want to tell you a few words that why Java generics do not support primitive types. Because you may guess that if we use primitive integers, primitive integers are not objects. So this one dimensional array of primitive integers cannot be stored as a one dimensional array of objects, because they can be stored in an object array. And by the way, this is exactly Java generics is a bit more complicated because we will come to the conclusion that if we want to create a one dimensional array of generic values, for example, we have the values as a new generic one dimensional array containing ten items. It is not going to work fine, because at runtime Java doesn't know what capital T is, so it can safely create an array of that type. Anyways, we are going to talk about type erasure in one of the coming lectures, and it's going to be clear. I just wanted to point out that at first glance, generics seems to be quite easy. We can define generic parameters and field variables without any problem. We can define generic methods without any problem. We can iterate through a one dimensional array of generic types in the argument. But if we want to create a one dimensional array of generic types, it is not going to work fine. So this is why we have to talk more about the fundamental basics of generics.