So React has a lot of features and you learned about a lot of features throughout this course, of course. But React also has some features that are part of React, but that you can't use in every React project, as strange as that might sound. And specifically I'm talking about React Server Components, Server Actions, and the use hook when used in conjunction with Promises. These are features which can't just be used in every React project. Instead, these features require special project setups or special libraries that must be installed. They're not supported by standard Vanilla React projects like the ones you can create with Vite, though these are very popular projects, so therefore, indeed most React projects can't use these features. But you can thanks to this section in this course, and thanks to projects like Next.js, which give you a setup that do unlock these features. But why are they so hard to use in the first place? Certain React features like React server components and server actions can't be used in standard vanilla React projects because they actually involve code that needs to run on the server side, not just in the browser. And with standard React projects, you have just the browser side. So a project setup is needed that actually splits the code automatically kind of into two main packages, you could say. One package that's meant to never execute in the browser, and one package that is meant to run there. And then the project also must provide a server site environment for that code to run that shouldn't run in the browser. That's why a special setup is needed, because the code needs to be split because not all features work in the browser. Now, one project setup that does support these features would be a next.js project, like the one we used in the previous course section. Because next.js is a framework that builds up on React and that adds many features to React. But one feature it adds is that it does set up a project where the code is split, as I just described it, and where there is an environment for the server side code to execute. That's why attached to this lecture you find a new next.js project, a very simple one, which we'll use to dive into these core concepts here and to explore them. And that's also why it helps if you at least started with that next.js course section so that you understand the structure of such a next.js project. Though it isn't too difficult in the end, in next.js projects, you can set up page.js files to define different pages for your multi-page server rendered React project, because next.js is a full stack react framework and you can then use components in these pages to compose your user interface. You learn all the details about that in that previous section. In this section here, we'll actually only work on one page anyways. So you don't need to know about any advanced next.js features or anything like that. Once you downloaded this attached project, you simply have to run npm install to install all the dependencies, and you can then start the development server by running npm run dev. And with that out of the way, we're now ready to dive into these special React features if you want to call them like this.