So React has some features that are part of React and that are marked as stable that can't be used in every React project, and therefore you need special project setups like the one you get from Next.js, which does support running some code on the server and running some code on the client side. And, therefore, let's start by taking a closer look at this React Server Components feature, because that's a big one. That's an important React feature even though you might not be able to use it in all projects. But understanding React Server Components is important. And it's also important to understand the difference compared to Client Components, which is kind of the opposite kind of components you can build. And React Server Components, as the name kind of implies, are components that are never executed on the client side. So those component functions never execute on the client side. Indeed, the code of these components never makes it to the client side. Instead, these component functions are executed on a server or actually during the build process if they are pre-rendered, so to say, but they're never executed on the client side. Now, client components on the other hand are rendered on the client side, but not just there. They are instead also rendered on the server. They are pre-rendered there when a request hits the server, so to say, so that the finished HTML page is sent back as part of the response, but then thereafter they run again on the client side, and you get a single page application thereafter, so to say, where users can then interact with a client side React app and where you can therefore use client side features like the useState hook or something like that, which would not be possible in server components. But let's simply take a look at that in practice in this demo project, which I shared in the last lecture. Here in this project, I have a very simple Next.js application, which doesn't contain any components yet. Basically, it just has this page.js file, which is pretty empty, but now we'll add some components. And, therefore, I'll add a components folder here to the main project folder, and attached you then find two component files. You find an RSCDemo.js file attached, which you should store in your components folder. And you find a ClientDemo.js file attached, which you should also store in your components folder. Now, both component files contain regular React components. There's nothing special about them. And if you now go to this page.js file, which in the Next.js application in this app folder here is responsible for rendering a page. If you go there, you can use these components in there because the page.js file also includes just a regular component, just a component, which due to this special reserved file name will be picked up by Next.js and will be rendered to the page automatically. So in here we could now output the RSCDemo component, which is imported from that components folder. And this @ symbol here is a special import alias, which is supported in Next.js projects, which simply refers to the root project folder so that we import this from the RSCDemo file, which is in the components folder, which is in the root project folder. And then I output this RSCDemo component here. And if you do that and you reload the page that's served by that development server on localhost:3000, you should see this component on the screen. And what's interesting now is that if you open the developer tools here in your browser and you reload maybe, you never see this log message there in the console, so that's not logged in the browser. Instead, you can see it if you open the terminal or command prompt, which you used to start that development server because there it's being logged. So this log message here is showing up in this terminal here in this log. And messages that show up here are printed by the server. So they are output on the server side, so to say, and that proves that this component is rendered on the server. Now, you might say there's nothing special about this component. It looks like any other component from one of the many other sections you saw in this course, and you would be right. This is a regular React component. So what turns this component into a React Server Component then? And the answer is, as I mentioned before, the special project setup that is provided by Next.js. Next.js projects are set up such that all React components by default are treated as server components, which means they are never rendered on the client side. They are always rendered on the server side. And that's, for example, not the case when using a Vite-based project. There you get a client-side React application as a default instead. So that's why this is a server component. And, similarly, if you take a look at this client demo, this also actually at the moment still is a React Server Component because it's also just a regular React component. So if we output that here, maybe below the RSCDemo component, and you reload, you can see that component here, but you see no log here in the browser. And instead you see this message here in the server side log. So this is no client component yet. It's a server component because by default in Next projects, and actually in all projects that support server components, components are server components out of the box. And if you wanna change them to client components, you have to tell React and this project setup. And that's what we'll do next.