So how can we now change this component from a server component to a client component? Well, by adding a special directive at the top of the file, and this directive is simply a string with opening and closing quotes where between the quotes you type use client. And it doesn't matter if it's double or single quotes, and you also don't need the semicolon. This directive, when added at the top of the file, will tell the project setup, you could say, that this code, this component, should be treated differently, that it should not be executed on the server, but that instead here we have some code that should be sent to the client and that should be executed on the client. And actually this wasn't even entirely correct, this will still be executed on the server, but not just there, it will also be executed on the client instead. So therefore, with this change made, if you now reload, you see ClientDemo being rendered here and it's rendered twice due to strict mode in this demo project. But you see that being rendered here and you also still see it here on the server side because again, it is rendered there and on the client side. So that's how client components work. But the question of course is why would you convert a component to a client component? Why would you not leave it as a server component? So what's the advantage of having a client component? Well, first let's take a look at the advantage of having a server component. And here are the advantage is that of course, less code has to be sent to the client because it's rendered on the server, hence, the client doesn't need to download all the code that's required to render this component. So that can improve the performance of our web application. In addition, as you will see later, we can even fetch data on the server and therefore make sure that this doesn't happen on the client side, which allows us to send finished pages that even include data that has to be fetched to the client on the initial request instead of performing data fetching in the browser, which adds an extra delay between the page load and when the data arrives. So that's another advantage we'll see a little bit later in this section. But why would you then convert a component to a client component? Well, the answer is relatively straightforward because you might need to use some client component feature in your component. Like for example, the useState() hook. If you need to manage state in one of your components, let's say a counter state, then you need to convert this component to a client component because state can only be managed in client components. And most React hooks can only be used in client components. Like for example, context, would be another client component feature. So if you, let's say, have a button in your component, which is used to increase this counter. So in there you call setCount and you update the count based on the previous count as you learned earlier in the course. And if you then maybe also have a span where the count is output. If you have code like this, and most importantly if you are managing state, therefore, then you must mark this component as a client component. And then with that you have this working button. So that would be a reason for a converting a component to a client component. Now here, I'll remove this code again, but I'll leave the state in here so that it's very clear why we need a client component. So that's why we have two kinds of components in modern React if you are in a project that supports it. We have server components which never execute on the client, but which therefore return the finished page to the client. And where you can fetch data and use async await as you will see later, and these components are entirely rendered on the server and the finished HTML code is then sent back to the client. But as mentioned, a special project setup is required in order to have them. Client components on the other hand, are executed on the server and the client so they can run on the client. And therefore, client side features like useState can be used. Now most React projects, like for example, projects created with Vite only support client components, at least at the point of time where I'm recording this. So you need a special project set up that supports server components. Client components on the other hand, are the kind of component you've always worked with over all these years because they are the default component type in most React projects. Now, if a project does support React server components, then client components are not the default anymore. And instead to convert a component to a client component, you have to market as such with the use client directive. That's what you should know about React server components and client components.