Now when it comes to working with React server components and client components, there are certain rules you should be aware of when it comes to combining these two types of components. Because it's important to understand and keep in mind that React server components can directly include client components in their JSX code, but the other way around, it won't work. So client components can't directly include server components in their JSX code. With one exception, they can accept server components as children. So this here would be allowed. Here I'm rendering a server component, which then uses a client component inside of it. This, on the other hand, would not be allowed, rendering a client component which tries to render a server component. That won't work unless it's done with help of children. So if the client component tags are wrapped around the server component, this will work again. Now translated to our project here, this means that in the React server component, we can use this client demo component. We can import this here and output this component as part of the JSX code of this server component. If you do that, you see that the client component is rendered inside of the server component. This works without any issues. Now let me comment this out and also comment out this import and let's try something else. Let's try including the server component instead of this children placeholder here in the client component. So now I'm importing my React server component and I'm trying to output it as part of the JSX code of this client component. If you do that, you might expect an error, but actually this also works as you see the server component is included here in the client component. So why is this working if I just told you that this does not work? Well, because by default, next JS or this project setup here, which supports server components simply converts a component that's used inside of a client component to a client component as well. So this RSC demo component is converted to a client component because it's being used in a component that's marked as a client component. That's why it works. But now this isn't a server component anymore. Instead, now with that, you will see that if you open your log on the client side, RSC demo is also rendered here. Now, we could force this RSC demo component to be a server component by adding the async keyword in front of the function keyword. Because server components can be async functions, something which normally isn't allowed in React, but it is allowed for React server components. But since this is not allowed for client components, now if you save this, if you reload, you will get an error here in your client side browser log. You'll get a warning that async await is not yet supported in client components. Only for server components. Now of course here at the moment, we have no reason to mark this as a async function, but that will change once we add data fetching, which we'll do soon. But it is a way of forcing a component to be a server component in the end. And it proves that this here, using a server component in a client component does not work unless that server component is also converted to a client component, which it is automatically if it's possible. But if it's not possible, like here where I have async in front of the component function, which is not allowed in client components, if that's the case, we're getting an error. Now, what would be possible however, is to not use the server component in the JSX code of the client component, but to instead use the special children prop and remove this RSC demo import here and pass the server component to the client component kind of by moving it between the tags of this client component. Because by doing this, this server component here is technically rendered in this home component, which is a server component, and it's then just the rendered code that's sent to the client component. That's why this works. So with this setup, if I reload, the error message is gone, but we don't see the RSC demo rendered output here on the client side. So this proves that it's not being rendered there, that it's not a client component, but we see it on the screen. Because again, it was rendered on the server and then just injected into this client component, you could say. And that's therefore how you can combine server components and client components in React.