So, now we had an in-depth look at server components, client components, and how we can combine them. Next, I want to explore data fetching with you, because when using server components, you have some new options when it comes to fetching data in your components. And therefore, attached you'll find two new files. The first one is a file named dummy-db.json, which you should add in your root project folder. That's a file that contains some dummy data and kind of simulates a database here, you could say. And then attached you'll find a DataFetchingDemo.js file, which you should also paste into your components folder. And this DataFetchingDemo.js file contains a server component as you can tell by the fact that there is no use client directive at the top and that we have the async keyword here. And I did add the async keyword here, because this component now actually also contains some code that does fetch some data. It contains some Node.js code for opening a file and reading the file content, and for then loading data from that file. And then that data, these users, are output in the JSX code of this component. And in normal components, in client components, and components as you would add them to Vite-based projects, for example, this would not work. There, you can't put Node.js code into your components and you can't use async await because they're executed in the browser. And whilst the browser does indeed support async await, React doesn't support it for client components. But when we have server components, this entire code here as you learned, executes on the server. So in a Node.js environment for example, and if that's the case, we can write Node.js code in here, and this code will never execute on the client. And therefore, React server components vastly simplify the process of fetching data in components because instead of using useEffect to wrap code that fetches data from a separate backend, the code for loading the data is included right in the component. And this is then executed on the server and the finished HTML code that includes the fetch data is then sent back to the client and is displayed there. And therefore here what we can do with that file added, we can go to the page.js file and get rid of the ClientDemo and RSCDemo components here, and instead output this DataFetchingDemo component and remove these unused imports. And if you do that and you then go back to your website to this development server preview here, you see this component being rendered here and you see the loaded data being rendered here. And that now was all rendered on the server, or not on the client, to put it like this. And that's therefore another awesome feature that's unlocked by server components. You can use them for data fetching.