So you can use React server components for executing server site code and for fetching data on the server. You can also use them for submitting data to the server. And for that, attached, you find another new component file, which you should add into your components folder. And that's the ServerActionsDemo.js file. And this file includes another server component, React component decorated with async. But this is now a component that also includes a function that is actually used as a form action. So this saveUserAction function is passed to the action prop as you learned it in the form actions section earlier in the course. But there is something special about this function. And the special thing here is this use server directive. This is something that can be added to a form action function to turn it into a server action. And it then must be a async function too, that's also important. But if you have an async form action and you then add this use server directive inside of it, you convert it to a server action. And a server action is, in the end, a form action, which is a default React feature that can be used in all React projects. But it's a form action that's actually executed on the server side, not on the client side. And it's created by adding this use server directive. But because of that, it's now a feature that's not available in all React projects. So whilst form actions can be used in any React project out there and require no special setup, server actions do require a special setup, a special project, so to say. Because this code inside of this function here will now be executed on the server, not on the client. If you add a console log statement here and maybe a log executed, you will not find this log in the browser developer tools. So if you save this and you go to the page.js file and there you output this ServerActionsDemo component, and if you save that file as well, then you'll see this component here on the screen. And if you then enter some data here and you open your browser developer tools and the console there and you click Save User, you won't see anything here. But if you go to your backend terminal, you'll see executed here. And this proves that this code was executed on the server side. And that's the idea behind server actions, which is another feature that's part of React, but that's only available in projects that support it, like this Next.js project. Now when it comes to working with server actions, there are a couple of important things to understand. For example, you can only define such a server action here inside of a component if it's not a client side component. So if I had use client here at the top of this file, we would get an error. We would get the error that it's not allowed to use this use server directive in a client component. Which I guess makes sense because we're now essentially telling the bundler, the build process, that this file should contain code that runs on the client, but then we tell it that we have code that should run on the server, not on the client. And this is kind of contradicting. So that's why you can't have both in the same file. However, you can use server actions in client components. You just can't define them there. What you could do is grab that server action and then add a new actions folder, for example, though the name doesn't matter, and then add a file with any name of your choice and put your server action in there and export it. And, that's all important, remove the use server directive from the function and instead added at the top of this file. This is allowed by React in projects that support this feature and this simply tells React and next JS here that this file only contains server actions in the end. That's what putting use server at the top does. So this is now also a server action and you can indeed now go to your component and remove this import here and actually put that into the actions file, because it's needed there. And then here in the server actions demo file you can simply import this saveUserAction from this actions folder and the user's file. And then still use that as a value for the action prop. So importing it and using it is allowed. Defining it in the same file, if it's a client component file, is not allowed. Because when you import that server action, this underlying build process is again able to split the code accordingly and put this code on the client side, but put the imported code on the server side, so to say. But it's not able to do that if you have both in the same file. Of course now since I added use client here, you also have to remove the async keyword here on this component though, since client components can't be asynchronous. But with that done, if you reload, any errors here should be gone. And you can again submit that form. That again works and all that data is being saved. if you take a look at this dummy-db.json file. The data was stored there indeed. So that's what you should know about server actions. Another feature built into React that doesn't work in all React projects, but it does work in Next.js projects, for example.