Now to conclude this theory part of this section, there's one last crucial React feature that you also should understand, and that's the use() hook. Now, you already saw the use() hook in action earlier in the course when we used it to connect to some context value, when we used it to access context, you could say. But it can also be used to await Promises, you could say, in client components without using Async/await, which isn't supported there, which might sound strange, but it is a feature developed by the React team that allows you to read values from Promises or to wait for Promises to resolve, you could say, in client components without using async/await. And it does work together with Suspense, a component offered by React that helps you with showing a loading fallback whilst data is being fetched, and you'll see it in action soon as well. But it actually only works with special kinds of Promises, you could say, not with any random Promise you might create in your code. Instead, this use() hook only wants to work with Promises that are in the end created by libraries that integrate with React's Suspense feature. So Promises ++, you could say, Promises that behind the scenes are built with React's Suspense feature in mind, and that send certain pieces of information to React, you could say. And again, thankfully, Next.js actually gives you a way of creating such Promises. Now for that attached, you'll find another new file, this UsePromisesDemo.js file, which contains a relatively straightforward React component, a React server component, since there is no use client directive in it, and a component that wants some users, which are then output down here. So we could go to the page.js file and use this, UsePromiseDemo component here and remove this unused import. And what you could do now is go to that data fetching demo and copy that code here, for example, and move that into your page.js file. This is also a server component, so we can use async here and we can use it to fetch data from that file. That will work. We should just also bring in that fs.import from Node.js so that we have access to this file system module. While we're in that we're fetching users here, and we can then set that users prop here on this UsePromiseDemo component and pass our users to it. And if you do that, if you reload your page, you see all these users, including the ones I added over the last lectures here on the screen. So that works. But this approach here has one potential downside. Let's say we have a slow server where reading that data and fetching that data takes a while. And to simulate this, I'll await a new Promise here which will actually resolve after a timer expired, so let's say after two seconds. Now if I go back here and I click this reload button, it takes two seconds until this page reloads. And this is even easier to see if I open a new tab. It takes two seconds until anything appears on the page. That's of course not necessarily a great user experience. And the reason for that is that I'm fetching the data here in the page.js file, and therefore this entire page content is only rendered once the data is there. Now, one way around that would be to grab that code and remove it from this home component, from this page.js file and put it into this UsePromisesDemo.js file. For that, we need to add Async here, which we can, since it's a server component, and we have to bring over that fs import. Now the users are fetched here, therefore we no longer need that prop. And in the page.js file, we no longer need to pass anything to UsePromiseDemo. Now with that alone, nothing would change though. If I copy that and open a new tab, it still takes two seconds until we see anything. But we could now use a feature built into React that allows us to wrap a part of our JSX code that might take a bit longer to load and show a fallback without blocking any other JSX code or any other content from loading. And that would be the Suspense component that's built into React and that you already saw in the context of lazy loading earlier in the course. Suspense is a component that's provided by React, that can be wrapped around any content that is loading something. That something could be code if you're using it for lazy loading, but it can also be data if that data fetching is done in a way that works with Suspense, which is the case in Next.js projects when working with React server components. So to put it in other words, React server components that fetch data do integrate with Suspense and can be wrapped by it. It won't work with all components, but it will work with React server components. Suspense then takes a fallback prop, and this can be used to define some fallback markup that should be shown whilst the data is being fetched here. As a result of using Suspense, you will see that now the page loads instantly, and we see that fallback until the data appears, and that's of course a better user experience than what we had before where the entire page took two seconds to load. But how is this now related to the use() hook? Well, that's what we'll explore next.