[Maximilian Schwarzmüller] So at this point, we're still not using this use hook. Instead, we have a server component with async await and that works with Suspense, which is great. That's good to know. But when would we need this use hook that's built into React? Well, let's say UsePromiseDemo for some reason, must be a client component. Because we also want to useState in here, let's say. Let's say we have a counter here. Of course, this is kind of a made up example, but it is just an example to get my point across. Let's say we have a counter here and we therefore have a button, which says Increment. And there upon a click, just as we did it earlier in the section, I want to update my count and I do that by using my previous count and adding one to it. And then I also have a span here where I output that count. So we have this code here. And therefore, we need this to be a client component. And therefore, this won't work anymore. Because now we're using server-side code in a client component. And we're trying to use async here, which also doesn't work for client components. So now we actually have to remove async and we have to grab that code and bring that back into our page.js file. And also bring back that import here, like this. Now of course, with that, we have the users in the page.js file and we could again pass them down to the UsePromiseDemo component by passing them as props, so that just as before, we accept the users props here. And it looks like I accidentally removed useState here. Of course, we do need that here. We need count and setCount like this here in our UsePromisesDemo.js file and actually remove that from the homepage. I don't want that there. Here, I just wanna have to code for having that delay and fetching that data. But with that, if you save that, this works again. But if you copy this and open a new page, we're back to the old state where the entire page takes two seconds. Because even though we're using Suspense, the slow part is in this home component, not in the component that's wrapped by Suspense. So Suspense doesn't really help us here. And that's now where the use hook can come in handy. Because what we can do now is create a promise here in the server component. And pass that promise as a prop to the client component. Yes, this is something you can do. And then use the use hook there. Now for that to work, I'll just need to restructure this a bit and I'll store this promise here in a constant. And when the timeout expires, I'll actually set up a function in which I then fetch the data from that file and where I then call resolve(users), so that I have one promise that has a delay, but that then after that delay expires, also fetches some data. And now we can pass this fetchUsersPromise to this users prop. And in the UsePromisesDemo, users now gets a promise as a value. And therefore to get our users that we want an output, we have to use this use hook, which is imported from React. And I'll name my prop here, usersPromise. And therefore, also change that name here in the page.js file to avoid confusion. And my users are then the result of calling use on that usersPromise. And this will then wait for that promise to resolve on the client side. And it will integrate with Suspense, so that the fallback is shown whilst that data is resolved on the client side. So with that, if I copy this and again, open a new page, the page loads instantly, we see the fallback and then this component appears. But this now is a client component, but a client component that waits for data with that use hook. And that's also something you can do with that use hook. It is however a feature that as mentioned, does not work in all React projects. Instead, this use hook only works when you use promises that are created by libraries that integrate with React's Suspense feature, or if you use it on promises that are created in a server component and that are then passed to that component that users use as it's the case here.