In the coming lectures we are going to talk about the set interface. So first of all, the set interface is a collection, which means that it extends the collection interface. And because the collection interface extends the iterable interface, this is why we can use for each loops. And we can consider all the items in a set. So set is a collection and there are three crucial implementations of sets hash sets, linked hash sets, and three sets. And you may guess that it is very, very similar to what we have talking about in the previous lectures when we have been talking about maps. And we will come to the conclusion that set implementations are very similar. Hash sets and linked hash sets rely heavily on one dimensional arrays and hash functions, and the three set is using a red black tree implementation under the hood. So if you have missed the previous chapter, when we have been talking about maps, associative arrays, hash functions, binary search trees, and red black trees, then I suggest finishing those lectures before starting this chapter. Okay. So first of all, sets are abstract data types that can store certain values without any particular order and no repeated values. So there are no duplicates. And basically this is the crucial difference between the list interface and the set interface. It is a common interview question. So what is the difference between list interface and set interface as far as lists are concerned? Array lists. Linked lists, stacks, vectors. The items are stored in a particular order. This is the first feature, and the second feature is that we can store duplicates. So for example, if we want to store the integer five multiple times, then of course we can do it without any problem in an array list, in a linked list in a stack. So it is going to work fine. What about sets? First of all, there is no predefined order for the items we store in a set. And the second crucial feature of sets is that there cannot be duplicate values. So we are not able to store duplicates of integer five for example. Okay. So these are the crucial features of sets. And usually we can represent sets with the help of Venn diagrams. So a common way of visualizing sets is the Venn diagram approach. We can show interactions quite easily. So for example if we have the first set with four items A, C, B and d, and we have another set with values a, f and d, then we can use the Venn diagram representation. And as you can see there are items that are present in both sets. So for example item A and item D these items belong to the first set as well as to the second set. So for example we can define the intersection operation that's going to return with the items that are present in both sets. So for example item A and item D these items are present in the first set as well as in the second set. And we can define several other operations as well. So for example the relative complement is going to contain the items as far as the sets are concerned. So for example, the first set contains items C, A, B, and D. The relative complement of the second set is item A, E, D, and f. We can define the union of the sets, which means that it is going to contain all the items, whether it is present in the first set or the second set. So the union of the first set and the second set is equals to all the items c, A, e, B, D, and f. By the way, the internal working of a set, such as hash set or linked hash set is very similar to a hash map. So under the hood the same hash function is used with the one dimensional array exactly as we have discussed in the previous chapter. The crucial difference is that sets can store scalar values such as integers, floating point values, strings, custom objects. If you may recall, a map can contain key value pairs, so you may pose a question that if a HashMap can store key value pairs, then how can we implement a set that can store scalar values with the help of HashMap? And the answer is that the scalar value is the key that we transform into an array index. For example, here we consider all the letters. We transform them into integers. We sum them up, and then we use the modulo operator to transform the result into a valid array index that is within the range of zero and the size of the array minus one. And this is how we find the slot for that given item. And as you can see, the key is the item that we want to store, such as the string, an integer, a floating point value, and the value associated with that given key is a dummy variable. Usually we instantiate a new object, but of course we are not going to use that. We need that because we have to store key value pairs in a HashMap, but with sets we store scalar values. Essentially, we focus on the keys exclusively. And by the way, as you may guess, we can check whether a value is already present in the underlying one dimensional array quite fast. We just have to use the hash function. We have to generate the index, and if that given value is already present in that array slot, then we can reject that new insertion. So this is how we can filter out duplicates quite easily with Ordo one constant running time complexity if the underlying data structure is a hash map. So this is exactly why it is so powerful. So this is why we are not going to talk a lot about the theoretical background, because it is essentially the same as we have discussed with maps in the previous chapter. In the coming lectures, we are going to take a look at hash set, linked hash set and Treemap implementations. Let's get started.