In this lecture we are going to talk about the Hashset example. So first of all Hashset implements the set interface that is a collection. So Hashset is a collection. And what's crucial that it is very, very similar to what we have seen when talking about hash table. So under the hood Hashset uses a one dimensional array and a hash function, which means that the hash function is going to define the array index in which to insert the given item. What's extremely crucial that here we are dealing with scalar values. We have just a single value we would like to insert. So for example, if we create a set like this we would like to store strings. It is going to be then set and we can instantiate it as a new hash set. Then Java is going to create a one dimensional array by the way the initial capacity. So the initial capacity is equals to 16 which means that the underlying one dimensional array size is equal to 16, so we can store up to 16 items without resizing the underlying one dimensional array. So hashset is very similar to a HashMap in the sense that it uses a one dimensional array under the hood. And if we insert, for example. So we set an odd, for example a given string, for example Adam. Then what's going to happen? Java is going to convert this string into an array index in the underlying one dimensional array. Of course this is why the hashCode function came to be. So the hashCode function which is the hash function, it is going to transform the input into an array index. Okay. So whenever we add Adam then Java is going to find the bucket or an array slot in the underlying one dimensional array. And of course we can insert multiple items, for example. Mary, for example. Katie. For example. Anna. And of course, because that is a collection and the collection is an iterable, we can use the for each loop. So we can use string as and we consider all the strings. And we can print out the values one by one. So if we use something like this and we save and run it, then as you can see, Adam, Anna, Katie and Mary, that's going to be the content of the set. What's extremely crucial that there is no order defined in a hash set. So as you can see, we have inserted Adam, Mary, Katie and Anna. But the result is Adam, Anna, Katie and Mary. So it is more or less random. So what's crucial that under the hood a hash function is going to take these values? Adam, Mary, Katie, Anna. And with the help of the hash code method, Java is going to find an array slot. slots or an index in the one dimensional array in order to store these items, and if there is already an item in that given location, then of course we are not going to reinsert the item, and this is how we can make sure that there's not going to be duplicates in a hash set. So if we insert, for example Anna, then what's going to happen then of course Anna is going to be present only once. So this is the main features of sets that there cannot be duplicate values okay. And if we have the first set for example we have Adam, we have Mary, we have Katie and we have Anna. And for example we create another set. So we have the set two with Adam and Anna for example. Then we can execute set related operations. For example, we can use the retain all method. The retain all method retains only the elements in this set that are contained in the specified collection. So if we use something like this, then what's going to happen? Then Java is going to keep the items in the first set that's present in the second set. So if we iterate through the first set then of course sorry for that. It is not going to work fine because here we have to define set two. So if we save and run it, then of course Adam and Anna are going to be the result because Java is going to keep the items from the first set that's present in the second set. So this is the so-called retain all method. Of course we have the remove method that's going to remove a given item. So if we remove the Adam from the first set then of course Adam is going to be removed. Okay. By the way because Hashset is relying heavily on a hash table. This is why all the features are the same. All the operations have order one constant running time complexity if there are no collisions. And the second feature is that it is quite memory heavy, which means that the underlying one dimensional array is larger than needed, so hashset is quite memory heavy, but at least we can end up with, although one constant running time complexity. Of course, again collisions may happen, so there may be collisions. So this is why the worst case running time complexity is order log n. You may pose the question why? This is exactly what we have been talking about in the HashMap section. So whenever there are collisions, the original approach was to use a linked list data structure, but then there has been a minor update in the Java Collections framework. And instead of a linked list, there's going to be a red black tree. So a balanced binary search tree. And what if we would like to find an arbitrary item in the balanced binary search tree. Of course it takes logarithmic. So order log n running time complexity. So this is why we can come to the conclusion that even in worst case scenario, the headset has audio log and logarithmic running time complexity. And by the way, you can check the documentation as usual. So it is an interface that is a collection and an iterable. The set has several methods, such as the odd all methods that's going to add all the elements in the specified collection to this set. If they are not already present, then we have the remove all. We have the retain all. This is what we have considered a few minutes earlier. We have the so-called contains all method that's going to return true if this set contains all of the elements of the specified collection. So I guess that these methods are quite straightforward, that of course, if we have a second hash set and we use the contains method with the second set as the argument, then of course the result is true because the set one contains every single item of the second collection, because Adam is present in the first set and Anna is present in the first set. We can use the removal method. So if we have the remove also remove all with the second set as the input. So we use something like this. Then of course under the hood Java is going to remove Adam and Anna from the first set. So the result is going to be Katie and Mary. Okay. So that's all about hash set. It is very very similar to the hash map implementation. The crucial difference is that here we are not dealing with key value pairs. We are dealing with a single value we would like to store in a one dimensional array. And the hashCode method is going to define the index in the underlying one dimensional array. And this is how we can achieve order one constant running time complexity or in worst case scenario, logarithmic running time complexity in exchange for some extra memory. Of course, because hash sets are memory heavy, it is very similar to what we have discussed when dealing with hash maps. So that's all about hash sets. Thanks for watching.