In this lecture we are going to talk about linked hash sets. And it is very similar to linked hash map as well. And again it is very similar to what we have been talking about when dealing with linked hash maps. So in the previous lecture we have been talking about hash sets. So first of all let's create a new hash set. For example for strings it is going to be a new hash set. And we are going to take a look at the ordering. So if we import the set as well as the Java.util hash set and we append. So we add items. For example Adam and I'm going to copy and paste it. So let's insert multiple items Adam then Kevin Daniel. Then we have Joe. Then we have for example Anna. If we iterate through the collection and we consider the strings and we print out the strings one by one, then what's going to be the order? Of course, there is no predefined order in a hash set. So if we run the application then it is going to be random. So as you can see Adam is the first one. Then we have Kevin. So far so good. Then we get Joanna and Daniel. So as you can see the order is not the same as we have inserted the items. So if we want to maintain the insertion order then we have to use linked hash set. So linked hash set maintains the insertion order. So if we use linked hash set okay first of all we have to import the Java.util.date linked set. If we save and run it then as you can see the order is going to be the same as we have inserted the items into the data structure. So what's happening exactly under the hood that whenever we iterate through the hash set data structure, Java has no other option but to consider the underlying one dimensional array, and it iterates through this one dimensional array starting with index zero up to the last index. And of course the order the items are located in. This one dimensional list is not necessarily the same as the insertion order. And by the way, it is quite a common interview question that why the order of the items that are already inserted may change in the future. And the answer has something to do with resize operation. So whenever the HashMap is full or nearly full, this is exactly why we have the load factor that defines when to resize the underlying one dimensional array. During the resize operation, Java generates another index for every single item, and of course, with high probability, the order of the items will change. So this is why we cannot guarantee the order of the items when dealing with hashmaps or hash sets. But if we use a linked HashMap or a linked hash set, then the item is pointing to the next item in the insertion order. So this is how we can keep track the insertion order with linked hash sets. So this is why we can come to the conclusion that if we want to retain and maintain the insertion order, then we should use linked hash set instead of a hash set. And of course again there is a doubly linked list under the hood connecting the items in the underlying data structure. So basically under the hood Java is going to use a doubly linked list to connect these items. And this is how it is able to track the order in which we have inserted the items one by one. Okay. And by the way, because of the doubly linked list, it needs more memory than standard hash sets. So this is why a good rule of thumb, that if we do not need the insertion order, then of course we have to use standard hash set, because under the hood, Java is going to use a doubly linked list. And because of that it needs more memory. So this is the crucial difference between linked hash sets and hash sets. Thanks for watching.