In this lecture we are going to talk about the Treeset implementation. So first of all Treeset implements the sorted set that extends the set. So this is why we can come to the conclusion that Treeset is a set which is a collection which is an iterable. So these are the interfaces associated with Treeset. Of course as usual we can check the documentation. So a three set is a class for storing generic values. As you can see just single values not key value pairs. But here we are storing single values. It implements the serializable interface. Clonable interface. Iterable collection. Navigable set. Set sorted set interfaces. What's crucial again that it is not a synchronized data structure. And under the hood there is a red black tree implementation that guarantees logarithmic running time complexity for all the operations. Of course, we have several methods such as. For example, we can insert a given item into the data structure. We can insert multiple items. Then we can get the smallest element because it is a sorted data structure, which means that the items are kept in a sorted order. This is why we can get the first item which is the lowest by default. And what's extremely useful is that we can define subsets. So these are the subset methods we are going to consider. And these can prove to be extremely useful okay. So if we have a set of integers for example the set is a new tree set. First of all we have to import the java.util.set the Java.util three set okay. And then we can insert integers. So for example I would like to add 12 okay. And let's insert several more items as well. So for example I would like to insert one, then nine then five. Then we have 120. We have 87 and we have 55 for example. So if we iterate through this set of integers so we have the number and we print out the values one by one. So print ln the actual number. If we save and run the application, then as you can see, because under the hood there is a red black tree that keeps the items in a sorted order. We can end up with the ascending order one, five, nine, 12, 55, 87 and 120. Because we are using a red black tree, all the operations have order log n logarithmic running time complexity of course, except for considering all the items. So here, because we consider all the items, of course it has order and linear running time complexity, but as far as inserting items into a balanced binary search tree takes order log n logarithmic running time complexity. Okay, so this is how we can insert the items. And what's crucial because under the hood Java keeps the items in sorted order we can create subsets. So for example we would like to create a subset as far as set dot subset is concerned. Of course, to be able to use this method, we have to make sure that it is going to be a sorted set. Yeah. So the subset method is coming from the sorted set interface. So let's import Java.util dot sorted set. And here if we define for example one up to five then Java is going to return a view of the portion of this set whose elements range from the from element inclusive to the two element exclusive. So what does it mean exactly? Java is going to return with the items between 1 and 5. So if we consider the subset instead of the set so we save and run it, then the result is equals to one because one is within the range one up to five. If we print out all the values between, for example, zero and 80, then Java is going to take the items that fall within this range. So 12 195. Of course 120 is not within this range. So it is not going to be in the result set. And of course 87 is not going to be part of the solution, but all the other items will be included in the subset. By the way, this is the most powerful feature of three sets and three maps as well that under the hood we have a balanced tree like structure with the favorable logarithmic running time complexity for most of the operations. Because what if we would like to make a range search? So we would like to get the items within a specific range. If we have a hash set as the underlying data structure. In this case, Java has no other option but to consider all the items one by one. So it has a linear running time complexity with balanced binary search trees such as a red black tree. It looks for the smallest item. It finds it in logarithmic running time complexity, and then it considers all the other items until it finds the item that is larger than 80. And this is how we can find all the items in a tree set that's smaller than a predefined value. It is an extremely efficient operation. This is exactly why we like tree sets. So this subset is extremely powerful. We can use the so-called tail set method. So if we use the tail set and we define five then Java is going to consider all the items that are greater than five. So what does it mean. First of all five inclusive which means that five as the item will be in the result set. So if we, for example, consider 50, it means that Java is going to consider all the items from the tree set where the value is greater than 50. So this is the tail set method. Of course if we use for example 300 then the result is going to be an empty set because there are no items that are greater than 300. We can use the so-called head set method. That's going to return with the items that are smaller than a given specified value. So in this case, Java is going to gather all the items from the tree set where the value is smaller than 50, or where the value is smaller than 20. So as you can see one, five, nine and 12, these are the values that are smaller than 20. So this is how we can find items that are larger or smaller than a given threshold. Of course we can get the largest and the smallest values accordingly. So for example we can get the first and the first method is going to return with the largest items. So if we do something like this okay sorry for that. This is the smallest item because we are dealing with ascending order. If we get the last item then it is going to be the largest item as you can see. And of course again we can define the comparator. So if we use the comparator that reverse order then in this case we are going to deal with the descending order instead of an ascending order. So in this case the last item is one. The first item is the largest item. And if we do not use anything and we consider all the items. So I am going to comment it out. In this case, we are going to end up with the descending order as you can see. So the largest item, second largest item, third largest item and so on. So this is how we can store items in a sorted order with the help of a tree set. What's crucial that the underlying data structure is a red black tree. So a balanced binary search tree. And this is why the running time complexity for the algorithms is order log n logarithmic running time complexity, which is a bit slower than order one. Constant running time complexity when using hash functions and one dimensional arrays under the hood. But it is absolutely crucial that it is memory friendly, so it definitely needs less memory than hash sets and linked hash sets. So this is the crucial advantage of three sets. Anyways, in the next lecture we are going to compare the three set implementations. Thanks for watching.