In this lecture, we are going to talk about the comparison of the set implementations. But of course it is going to be very, very similar to what we have been discussing when dealing with maps. Okay. So hash set and linked hash set rely heavily on a one dimensional array and a hash function. Because under the hood hash set relies heavily on a hash map. And this is why the average case running time complexity is, although one constant running time complexity as far as linked hash set is concerned, it uses a doubly linked list data structure in order to maintain insertion order. Treeset uses balanced binary search tree, and this is why all the operations have order log n. Logarithmic running time complexity. What's crucial that Java made a minor change related to HashMap collision handling? And because hash sets are relying heavily on hash tables, this is why hash sets have been updated as well. Which means that if there is a collision and we have to store multiple items associated with a single array slot, then instead of a standard linked list, Java is going to use a red black tree under the hood. And this is why the worst case scenario for hash sets will have ordo log n logarithmic running time complexity. Let's take a look at the differences between tree sets and hash sets. First of all, hash set and linked hash set uses arrays and hash functions, while Treeset uses balanced binary search trees, and this is why an ordering is defined among the items. We can achieve guaranteed logarithmic running time complexity, while on the other hand, hash sets can achieve although one constant running time complexity. In best case scenario, we can store null values as far as hash sets are concerned, but we are not able to store null keys in a tree set, and there is no parameters to tune in a tree set because of course, under the hood there is a simple tree like structure. As far as hash sets are concerned, there are several parameters such as the load factor. So we have to make sure that the hash function is not going to generate the same array index for two different items. And this is why we have to make sure that the size of the underlying array is way larger than the number of items we would like to store, and this is why tree sets need less memory. While on the other hand, we have to use more memory when dealing with hash sets. So the underlying one dimensional arrays size is way larger than the number of items we are going to store. Okay, so this is the crucial difference between three sets hash sets and linked hash sets. Because the implementation is approximately the same as we have seen with HashMap, linked hash map and Treemap. This is why the comparison is approximately the same. Thanks for watching.