In this lecture we are going to talk about thread pools. But first of all, we have to talk about what is the problem when we try to create a large amount of threads manually. So when we manually create and manage a lot of threads using the new keyword. So when we instantiate a thread manually, especially in large scale and high throughput applications, we can run into several problems. First problem has something to do with high memory consumption. So each Java thread requires memory for its stack, typically 512kB to 1MB per thread, depending on the Java virtual machine and the platform. So this is the first problem that we have to handle. Then of course, we have to handle high CPU overhead because each thread has its own execution context. When many threads compete for CPU, the operating system must context switch between them. That is quite a time consuming operation. Then we have to deal with manual life cycle management. So we must handle starting new threads, joining these threads if necessary, which means that sometimes we have to wait for a given thread to finish execution. We have to handle exceptions and so on. And by the way, there are other disadvantages as well. For example, there is a risk of resource leaks. So if we forget to join or handle exceptions properly, that can lead to threads that never terminate. Of course it leads to memory and resource leaks. Then when we are dealing with threads manually, it is quite hard to recover from failures. So if one thread throws an exception and dies, there is no automatic recovery, there is no retry mechanism, there is no rejection policy so the system can become unstable or partially functional. Then it is quite difficult to optimize because manual threads give you no control over the maximum concurrency level. The thread reuse, task prioritization, and so on. On the other hand, when we are dealing with thread pools, it can give you these options out of the box. So this is why usually, and this is the case in the Java programming language, we should avoid manual thread management. And we should use thread pools instead. So this is exactly why we need thread pools. So a thread pool is a collection of worker threads that are reused to execute many tasks. Instead of creating a new thread for every task which is quite expensive, tasks are submitted to a pool and threads pick up and execute them. So Java provides thread pools through the executor service Interface, and its implementations and threads are created once and reused for multiple tasks. It reduces overhead of frequent thread creation and destruction. And by the way, if you are familiar with databases, it is very similar to connection pooling because a connection to a database is extremely expensive. So what modern frameworks such as the Spring Boot Framework does is that it creates several connections, and whenever there is a database operation that, given connection that is already created, is used for a specific query. This is very similar with thread pools, where threads are created once and reused for multiple tasks, and if all threads are busy, submitted tasks are queued. They are held in a blocking queue data structure until a thread becomes available. So the big picture is that we have the thread pool with multiple worker threads. And of course we have the tasks. So there may be several tasks. And of course the threads that are present in the thread pool keep executing the tasks one by one. By the way, waiting tasks are stored in a blocking queue, typically in a linked blocking queue or a synchronized queue. This queue holds tasks waiting to be executed when no thread is immediately available. You may pose the question that how the threads are stored exactly in the thread pool. And the answer is that the thread pool maintains an internal pool of worker threads in a collection, like a hash set or other internal structure. These threads wait for tasks to arrive from the task queue and run the task when one is available. So these are the data structures under the hood that the Threadpool uses, and there are the tasks that are being executed by these worker threads one by one. By the way, there are several types of thread pools. First of all, we can create a new fixed thread pool where n is the number of threads that we want to create. In this case, the thread pool is initialized lazily, so threads are not created at the start, but they are created on demand up to the core pool size. In this case the input parameter. So n is the core pool size that defines the number of threads. And of course, as you may guess that once all threads are created and busy, new tasks are put into the queue and wait until a thread becomes available. So when you submit a task, it is either executed immediately if a thread is free or it is stored in a queue. If all threads are busy and of course threads pull from the queue when they finish their actual task. And of course the threads are reused, not destroyed after completing tasks. Then what about cached thread pool? In this case, the thread pool creates new threads as needed and reuses previously constructed threads when available. This approach automatically removes idle threads after a short timeout. The default value is 60s. What does it mean that if a thread is idle for more than 60s, it is removed from the thread pool, which means that there's going to be fewer threads? Because we assume that there are fewer tasks we have to handle. And of course, it is designed for applications that launch many short lived asynchronous tasks. And when those tasks are finished. Then, of course, there is no need for the large number of threads. So this is why this approach removes idle threads after a short timeout. Then we have the so-called single thread executor. This creates a thread pool that uses only one worker thread to execute tasks sequentially, and it uses an unbounded queue in order to store the tasks. And by the way, this is a huge disadvantage because since it uses a linked blocking queue with no limit, if tasks are submitted faster than they are executed, such as with long running tasks, the queue can grow indefinitely. There is a potential memory pressure and the application may run out of memory. So this is why we have to be very careful when dealing with single thread executors. And if this thread dies because of an exception. A new thread is created automatically. And finally we have the scheduled thread pool. It creates a thread pool that can either schedule tasks to run after a delay, or schedule tasks to run periodically. There is a risk of thread starvation, which means that if your core pool size that is defined by this n variable is small and schedule tasks are long running, then new schedule tasks may be delayed. And this is exactly what starvation means that a thread or a given task has to wait indefinitely to be executed. Use it when you need tasks to run on a timer or at regular intervals. By the way, in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about all of these types one by one. And finally, I would like to tell a few words about the advantages, although there are a huge number of Advantages of the executor service and Java thread pool. First of all, it supports future and callable, which means that you can submit tasks that return values using the callable interface, and the result is wrapped in a future object. Then automatic thread lifecycle management is available, so you don't need to manually manage start and join, which means that we don't have to start a thread explicitly. We don't have to call the join method and wait for a given thread to finish with the execution. The executor handles everything such as the creation, the execution, and the shutdown of threads. Then there is thread reuse. So threads are created once and reuse for multiple tasks. It reduces overhead of frequent thread creation and destruction. By the way, there are several other extremely powerful features, such as Graceful shutdown. We are going to talk about that. How to shut down all the threads within a thread pool, and we will come to the conclusion that it is extremely powerful. We can prevent resource leaks and also clean up termination in an extremely convenient manner. And finally it introduces scalability. So using a thread pool allows your application to scale to handle many tasks without creating thousands of threads. Why it matters because we can end up with a more responsive and efficient application, especially under load. And of course, applications in the 21st century must be extremely responsive, highly available and scalable. So this is why multi-threading matters. And this is why we have to talk about thread pools and executor services in the coming lectures.