In this lecture, we are going to take a look at a concrete example for single thread executors. So first of all we are going to create a class. For example name task. It implements the runnable interface. Every single task will have an ID. So we are going to identify every single task with the help of an integer ID. So of course we have to create a constructor task integer id. And we have to set the id to be equals to the id itself. And of course, because it implements the runnable interface, we have to override the unimplemented run method. And here we are going to simulate some work. We generate a long duration. It is equal to math dot random times for example five. So we are going to generate a random duration. Of course we have to cast it to a long. Before that we print out System.out.println. That task with ID and we print out the ID itself is in work and we print out the thread ID. The thread id is equals. To thread current thread get name. Then we generate a random duration. And of course we have to sleep thread that sleep. But there is another way to make the current thread sleep. So I would like to show you that time unit dot seconds dot sleep. In this case we just have to define the duration and in this case it's going to be straightforward that the sleep method is going to have the duration in seconds. Of course we have to surround it with trycatch something like this. So first of all, we print out that the given task with ID is in work and we print out the ID of the thread. Then we generate a random duration and then we are going to sleep for that random duration. Basically, we are going to simulate that the thread is working. Okay. So after that we can use a so-called executor service as the executor. And we can use a factory method. Executors dot new single thread executor. So this is how we can create a single thread executor. So this executor service is going to be an interface. And with the help of the executors factory method we are able to return with the concrete implementation. As you can see, this new single thread executor is going to create an executor that uses a single worker thread operating of an unbounded queue. Note, however, that if this single thread terminates due to a failure during execution prior to shutdown, a new one will take its place if needed to execute subsequent tasks, so usually it is a single thread that will We'll execute the tasks sequentially so one after another. So basically this is why we are going to use the single thread. But it may happen that the executor service is going to create another thread if the actual one terminates. Okay. So what do we have to do. For example I'm going to create five tasks. So integer I is less than five I plus plus. And we just have to call the executor dot execute the given tasks. So we instantiate a new tasks. And the IDs are going to be the iteration counter. So the id will be 0123 and four. And of course let's use something like this that first we multiply the random value by five. And after that we cast it to a long. So if we do something like this, as you can see, task with ID zero is in work, then the ID one, two, three, and finally the task with ID four. And as you can see, the thread ID is the same, which means that the executor has generated a single thread in order to execute these tasks sequentially. By the way, you may pose the question that if we have just a single thread, then why do we need to use an executor service when we can use the main thread instead? And there are several advantages of using executor service in this case, such as. It decouples task submission from execution so you can submit tasks at any time without blocking the main thread. The main thread can continue doing other work or exit if the executor is running in the background. It improves task management and organization. You can queue up multiple tasks and they will run one after another in the order submitted. You don't have to manage thread lifecycle or manually create and join threads. And finally, it helps avoid concurrency bugs since it guarantees tasks are run sequentially. It's safer for cases where multiple tasks share mutable state. So despite the fact that we use just a single thread that is quite easy to create manually using an executor service can prove to be extremely powerful and convenient. And what's crucial that, as you can see, the application is not terminated because we have to shut down the executor. We are going to talk about how to terminate and how to shut down a given executor service. But before that, we are going to consider the executors on a one by one basis. So it is crucial that we have to deal with shutting down the executor. But this is how we can create a single threaded executor that's going to have a single thread under the hood, and it is going to execute the task sequentially. Thanks for watching.