In the previous lecture, we have been talking about how to instantiate a new single thread executor, and we have been talking about that. We are able to create a single thread that will execute the tasks sequentially. So what if we would like to create a thread pool so we can create a new fixed thread pool? And of course we have to define the number of threads we would like to use. For example we would like to create two threads. So if we have for example ten works. In this case I have renamed this class to work. So it is going to be the same that we have the work with the given ID. Then we generate a random duration and then we are going to simulate work, which means that we are going to sleep for the given duration. Then we iterate through and we create ten works with id I plus one. So the IDs are going to start with one, two, three, four and so on. So let's see what's going to happen if we have a thread pool with two threads, so if I save and run it, then as you can see there's going to be two threads I'm going to rename. So we are not going to get the name, but we are going to get the IDs of the threads. So I'm going to terminate. Let's save and run it again. As you can see, there's going to be two threads in the thread pool with ID 18 and ID 19. So what's going to happen that under the hood the thread pool is going to create two threads with ID 18 and ID 19. And these threads are going to execute the given tasks. If a thread finishes with a given task, then the thread pool is going to assign another task to that given thread, which means that the executor service uses two threads under the hood. What if we use a thread pool with, for example, five threads? So let's save and rerun the application. As you can see, every single thread is going to be associated with a given task with a given work. So the work one is going to have the thread with id 18. Then the second task will have the thread with id 19. Then we have the thread with ID 20, then 2122, and then the thread pool is going to reuse the given threads. So there's going to be threads with five different IDs 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22. Of course we can create as many threads as we want. For example, we can create ten threads and we are going to have, for example, 100 tasks. So what's going to happen under the hood? The thread pool is going to instantiate ten threads with ten different thread IDs. And these threads are going to execute the given tasks on a one by one basis. If a thread finishes the execution of a given task or a given work. Then the thread pool is going to assign the next task until all the tasks have been executed. Of course, again, we have to deal with shutting down the executor service. So this is why, as you can see, the application is not terminated. Despite the fact that we have been dealing with all the tasks or works. So this is what we are going to talk about in one of the coming lectures. What's crucial that we are able to create a fixed thread pool with as many threads as we have defined in the constructor, and we are able to execute given tasks with the help of multiple threads managed by the thread pool. So it is extremely crucial that we don't have to deal with creating the threads, stopping the threads we don't have to deal with wait and notify. We don't have to assign the tasks to the threads because the executor service is going to do everything for us. So that's all about thread pools. Thanks for watching.