In this lecture, we are going to talk about a concrete example how scheduled thread pools work. First of all, we create a class for Stock Market Updater. It implements the runnable interface as usual. Of course we have to add the unimplemented run method. And let's suppose that the stock marker updater is going to look for new stock market related data on the web. And it is going to fetch that data. So we just print out System.out.println. Dot updating and downloading stock related data from the web. So if we have an algorithmic trading algorithm then of course we want to synchronize stock market related data quite frequently. And this is when a scheduled thread pool can prove to be extremely useful. So we have a scheduled executor service as the Executor. Executors. And we just have to use a factory method. So executors new scheduled threadpool. And we have to define the number of threads. In this case we just need a single thread that given thread is going to look for new data on the web. And it is going to update our database for example. So first of all, we have to import Java.util dot scheduled executor service as the interface. And then what do we have to do. We can call executor dot scheduled at fixed rate. As far as the stock market updater is concerned. So new stock market updater we have to define the initial delay. For example, we wait one second before start calling the stock market updater. And we are going to call this method every two seconds. And the unit is the time unit for example milliseconds because we have defined 2001 thousand. Okay, so if we do something like this. Save and run the application, then what's going to happen? The scheduled executor service is going to call stock market Updaters rum method every two seconds. Okay. And if we run with 5000 milliseconds, then the executor service is going to call this method in every 5000 milliseconds. So in every five seconds. So this is how we can control the frequency. The executor service is going to run the stock market updater. So scheduled executor service and a new scheduled threadpool can prove to be very very useful. And again we don't have to deal with synchronization. We don't have to deal with timers that, for example, how frequently we want to run the same runnable Interface's run method. So this is why using executors and executor services is extremely powerful and convenient. Thanks for watching.