In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to shut down an executor service. And just for demonstration purposes, we are going to use a fixed thread pool in order to demonstrate how it works. So first of all, we have instantiated the executor service. And with the help of this for loop we executed several workers or tasks. So after that, if we call the executor dot shutdown, it is going to shut down the executor service. So what does it mean exactly if you hover your mouse over the shutdown? This shutdown method initiates an orderly shutdown in which previously submitted tasks are executed, but no new task will be accepted. So this is how we will guarantee that the executor service is not going to execute further tasks. Okay, but what about the tasks we have executed previously? So this is why we have to make further operations. So I'm going to leave a comment here that we prevent the executor to execute any further tasks, but then we have to terminate actual. So running tasks. So what do we have to do? First of all we have to use a try catch block. So let's use something like this. And of course we can catch an interrupted exception as usual. And we have to check that if the executor await termination and we can define the timeout, for example 1000 milliseconds. So time unit dot milliseconds. What is it mean? So let's take a look at the documentation. Await termination blocks until all tasks have completed execution after a shutdown request or the timeout occurs. So after shutting down the executor, we are going to wait for 1000 milliseconds. And if the return value is false because as you can see, the await termination method returns true if this executor terminated and false if the timeout elapsed before termination. So in this case we are going to use executor shutdown now. Okay. Let's take a look at the documentation of shutdown. Now it is going to attempt to stop all actively executing tasks. So it may cause an interrupted exception. So if we have an interrupted exception then again we will call shutdown now method on the executor. And what's crucial that as far as the tasks are concerned. So the work class that implemented the runnable interface, as you can see here we sleep for a random amount of time, and it may cause an interrupted exception as well. So what do we have to do in this case? If we try to terminate a thread while sleeping? Then we are going to search for the current thread and we are going to interrupt. So this interrupt method interrupts the given thread. So that's all about shutting down the executor service. If I run the application then Java is going to shut down the executor service. Of course we have a problem because we should deal with 100 tasks. So we have created 100 tasks. So somehow we have to wait for the executor service to finish with execution. Okay. So if we want to make sure that the threads are going to finish with its task, then here we don't have to shut down the threads. So I'm going to get rid of this. In this case, Java is going to wait for the threads to finish execution, and after that it is going to terminate the executor service. So let's wait for the threads to finish with the 100 tasks. And then as you can see the executor service is going to terminate. So if we want to shut down immediately this is when we have to use something like this. So we have to call await termination. We can wait one 2nd or 1000 milliseconds to shut down the executor service. So in this case, if we use something like this and rerun the application, then we are going to terminate executor service immediately. Okay. It is able to finish with 16 tasks, but after that the executor service is going to be terminated. Okay. So this is how we can terminate and shut down an executor service. Thanks for watching.