In this lecture and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the crucial difference between the runnable interface and the callable interface. In Java, both runnable and callable are functional interfaces used to represent tasks that can be executed by threads or executor services. But of course there are some crucial differences. So first of all, let's consider the runnable interface. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous chapters, that it represents a task that doesn't return a result. So essentially we create a runnable interface. We have to override the run method. And within the run method we can specify the operation that we want to be executed by a given thread. And what's crucial that it cannot return a value. So the run method is a void method without any result, and it is crucial that it cannot throw a checked exception. Checked Exceptions are compile time exceptions that we have to handle. For example, with a try catch block and what we have been talking about in the previous lectures that we can use an executor service in order to execute a given thread. And we have two options we can call the execute method and the submit method. When we are dealing with the runnable interface, we can start a thread with both of these methods. On the other hand, what about the callable interface? It represents a task that returns a result of a generic type. So this is the crucial difference that runnable doesn't return a result, while on the other hand, callable interface returns a given result that we can define by a generic type. What's crucial that it can throw checked exceptions? This is the second fundamental difference between the two interfaces, and what's crucial that if we have a callable interface, we have to use the executor service related submit method, so we can come to the conclusion that a runnable interface can be executed either by the execute method or the submit method. But when we use callable interfaces, we have to use the submit method. And what's crucial that because it returns with a given result, the result is wrapped around the future object containing the result itself. And by the way, this is exactly what we are going to talk about in the next lecture that we can call the Get method on this future object in order to get the result of the callable interface. Okay. So let's take a look at a concrete example. We can define a callable interface as a lambda expression. And with the help of this syntax essentially we override the call method of the callable interface, and we return with a given value. Because callable interfaces returns with a given value, and then we can create a single thread executor service, we can call the submit method. This is exactly what we have discussed a few minutes earlier, that when we are dealing with callable interfaces, we have to start them with the submit method, and then we get a future object containing the result because we returned with a string. This is why we have to define the generic type of the future object. And as you can see, the get method gets the result from that callable interface. And by the way, it is crucial that this get method blocks until result is available. So we have to be very careful because if we use the Get method, the given thread has no other option but to wait for the operation to be finished, and this is when it is able to get that given value. By the way, it is absolutely crucial that blocking code, such as when we call this Get method and the thread is blocked until it executes the given operations. This is no longer a problem with virtual threads, because virtual threads are designed to scale massively, even if they block. This is exactly why it is crucial to consider the last chapter, when we will talk about virtual threads, because we can come to the conclusion that the Java virtual machine treats blocking operations in virtual threads as non-blocking at the operating system level. So despite the fact that five years ago during interviews, there have been several questions about how to eliminate blocking code with the advent of virtual threads, this is no longer a problem. Whenever there is a blocking operation. It is not a problem at the operating system level and we are going to talk about it. Why in the last chapter of the course? Okay. And finally let's talk about the comparison of the two interfaces. So runnable interface doesn't return with a given value. While on the other hand the callable interface returns with a generic value. Runnable interfaces cannot throw checked exceptions, while on the other hand, callable interfaces can. Of course, we can use executor services for both of these interfaces. And both of these interfaces are functional interfaces. What does it mean? A functional interface contains exactly one method, which means that it can be used with lambda expressions and functional programming. Okay, so that's all about runnable and callable. In the next lecture we are going to take a look at concrete examples.