In this lecture, we are going to take a look at a concrete example how to return values from a thread. So we are going to create a class. We have the class processor and it is going to implement the callable interface. So far we have been dealing with the runnable interface that can be used as an anonymous inner class in a thread. So when we start a thread, essentially we are executing the runnable interface. In this case we are going to use a callable. And because this callable interface can return with a given value, this is why we have to specify the value we would like to return in this case a given string. So first of all, let's import the Java.util.concurrent related callable interface. And of course we have to add the unimplemented method for the runnable interface. There is the run method for the callable interface there is the call method. The crucial difference is that the call method throws an exception and it returns with a given value because we defined string. This is why it will return with a string. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's define a private field variable, an integer id and this integer id can be injected with the help of the constructor. So whenever we instantiate the given class, this is when we have to specify the id. So this.id is equals to the id. And here, just for demonstration purposes, we will sleep for 2000 milliseconds or 2 seconds. And then we will return with the ID and we concatenate it with the ID we have specified with the help of the constructor. Okay. So this is the processor class that implements the callable interface. And this is the interface we can use if we want to return with a given value. So a task that returns a result and may throw an exception. This is the callable interface. In this case we return with a string. So what do we have to do? Let's create an executor service because it is quite convenient to create multiple threads with executor services. So we have the service and then we create executors new fixed thread pool for two threads. So we are going to use two fixed threads. And of course we have to import java.util.concurrent executor service. So what do we have to do. First of all we have to iterate through integer I is equals to zero, I is less than five. And of course we have to increment I in every single iteration. And then of course we can execute the given thread. The crucial difference that if we call execute then we can execute runnable interfaces. If we are dealing with callable, then we have to use submit. So the submit method can execute callables as well as runnable interfaces. In this case we are dealing with callable interface. So this is why we have to do something like this. And we instantiate a new processor. And of course the id will be I plus one. So 1234 up to five. And what's crucial that this submit method is going to return with a future object. So we can return with the list of strings. So you may guess that this is going to be the result because the callable interface defines that we are going to return strings. This is why the intuition is that we can use something like this. But this is not true. We have to deal with future objects. And of course we can define that. We are going to deal with strings. So these are going to be the futures okay. So let's import the And let's import the Java.util.concurrent feature. And here we can instantiate the list of future strings. This is going to be the list as a new array list. So we have to import Java.util.list. The service dot submit is going to return with a future object and not a list of future objects of course. And here we have to also list dot odd the given future and of course not futures, but we have the single future. So this is how we return with the given value. As far as the given thread is concerned. So processor is a thread because if we implement a callable interface then it will be a thread that can return with a given value. And this is exactly what's happening here. So after that what do we have to do. We can iterate through the future objects. And of course we know that we are storing strings. We have the future and we consider the items of the list. And of course we have to get rid of typos. So if we do something like this, then we can print out system out and println f dot get. With the help of the get method, we can retrieve the result of the thread. In this case, because we know that we are dealing with a callable of strings, we know for certain that this Get method will return with a string. And of course we are going to print out the value. What's crucial that we have to surround with try catch or try catch because we are dealing with interruptedexception as well as with execution exception. So if there is some exception then we print out the stack trace. Okay so this is how we get the values. So first of all let's save and let's run the application. And then we will talk about what's happening under the hood. As you can see, two threads are executing the processes one by one. So if we have more than five tasks, for example, we have ten tasks and we instantiate ten processors. Then of course this fixed thread pool with two threads are going to execute these operations. And of course these threads are returning with the IDs one two, then three, four, then five, six, then seven, eight, and finally nine and ten. So as you can see, with the help of the executor service, we can create threads that can return with a given value. In this case we have a processor that implements the callable interface. And because we define that it is a string related callable. This is why the call method will return with a string, and we return with the id and we concatenate the integer id value accordingly. So of course whenever we execute the given threads then we have to wait for a given result. This is the future object. The future object stores the result of the given threads. And this is where we submit the given threads and we wait for the result, which is a future object. We are the future objects to a list. And of course, finally we iterate through these future objects and we get the values accordingly. The get method retrieves the result. In this case string's id one, id two, id three, and so on. Okay, so this is the crucial difference between runnable and callable. If we want to execute a given thread without returning a given value, then we can use the runnable interface if we want to return with a given value. By the way, it is quite common that we want to return with a given value after doing a given operation. Then we have to use a callable interface. And of course we have to define what is the type we are dealing with. Thanks for watching.