In this lecture, we are going to talk about how to find the minimum and the maximum values. So first of all, let's create a new class. We have the number utils just for demonstration purposes. And here I would like to create a method that takes two items as the argument. And it returns with the smaller one. So first of all we have public. Then we have to define that this is a generic method. So this is how we notify Java that we are going to deal with a generic type in the method arguments. And then we return with the minimum item. For example the name of the method is minimum. So we have the first item and then we have the second item. And if we do something like this, then we may have the intuition that essentially we just have to check that if item one is smaller than item two. Then we have to return item one, and otherwise we have to return with item two. But the problem is that Java doesn't know at compile time that what is the type we are dealing with. Because if the type is an integer, then it is obvious that we can use the less than or greater than operator. But what if we are dealing with a string? Of course, for strings, the less than and greater than operators are not defined. What if we have a custom object? For example, we create a person object. Then how to compare two person objects based on the less than and greater than operator? And this is exactly why we have bounded type parameters. So we can restrict the types that can be passed to a given type parameter. This is known as bounded type parameters. So for example, if we want to make sure that the items so the parameters are comparable. Of course we have to make sure that this generic type T extends the comparable interface. And we may come to the conclusion that something like this is going to work fine. But no, because if we take a look at comparable, the comparable interface is a generic interface as well. So this is why we have to use this diamond operator again. And we can notify Java that we are going to compare items of the same type and the comparable interface. If we take a look at the implementation has a Compareto method. So this is how we make sure that we can compare the items that we get as the parameters. So now we know that the given generic type is comparable. So we can call the Compareto method without any problem. And if item one compare to item two is smaller than zero, it means that item one is smaller than item two. So we return with item one. By the way, you can take a look at the implementation, and we can come to the conclusion that the comparative method can return with minus one, zero or plus one. It returns with minus one. If the first item is smaller than the second item, it returns with zero. If the two items are equal and it returns with plus one if the first item is larger than the second item. So essentially there are three possible results of the Compareto method. And this is exactly what we want to achieve. So now that we make sure that the generic type is comparable, which means that the compare to method can be applied. It means that we can use it with integers, with floating point values, with strings, even with custom objects. So if I save it and by the way, we can make it static. So let's make sure that this method belongs to the class. And there is no need to instantiate the number utils. So what I want to do is that I would like to print out. Then we have number utils minimum, for example ten and 34. What is the smaller. Of course ten should be the result. So as you can see it is working fine. Let's make sure that we can use with doubles. And in this case 10.4 is the result. Let's check whether it works fine. We have for example Kevin and we have Anna. We can come to the conclusion that it works fine with strings because the alphabetical Order defines what is the smaller value. In this case, Anna is the smaller one because it precedes cavion in the alphabetical order. And let's take a look. What if we have a custom object? So let's create a new class for the person. By the way, I have already created the person class. And here let's define the private integer age. And let's assume that we have another field variable for the name. So let's create the constructor with string name and we have the integer age. Of course we have to set the name to be the name. And we have to set the age to be the age. Then let's override the two string method. And just for demonstration purposes, we return with the name plus some concatenation and the age parameter. So you may pose the question that okay, if we use something like this, whether it will work fine or not. So I create a new person with cabin and the age is 12. And then I create another person object with, for example, Anna and then the age parameter. Of course this is not going to work fine. Why? Because the number utils minimum method is waiting for a generic type that is comparable. But of course the person class is not comparable. So what do we have to do? We have to make sure that this class implements the comparable interface. This comparable interface is generic. So let's use something like that. And of course we have to add the unimplemented compare to method. Of course, as you may guess, the Compareto method that we override is exactly the same as we use here. So here we can define the logic. We can compare a person object based on field variables, whether it is the name or the age. And just for demonstration purposes let's use the age parameter. So we have this dot h and we have the other person object related h parameter. And what I want to do is that I would like to generate a getter for the age. So let's return with this dot age. And if we do something like this then we have the other person. So let's make sure that it is straightforward that what we do and we get the age parameter. So what does it mean. This integer compare method returns minus one. If the first parameter is smaller than the second one, it returns with zero if the two values are exactly the same and it returns with plus one if the first parameter is larger than the second parameter. And this is exactly what we want to achieve. So now if I save and rerun the application, then under the hood Java compares the person objects based on the h parameter and the smaller one will be returned. This is why Kevin is the result. If we have, for example Kevin with age 98 and we rerun the application, then of course Anna will be the result because Java returns with the person object with the smaller h parameter. Okay, so this is how we can use bounded type parameters in order to restrict the types that can be passed to a given type parameter. In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about more and more complicated topics related to bounded type parameters.