So far, we have been talking about how to calculate the minimum value between two generic types. And let's talk about how to sum up two generic type values. So first of all we have a public. Let's make it static as well. Let's notify Java that we are using generic types. We have a T so we return with the generic type and we have the sum method. We have the generic item one and item two. And you may come to the conclusion that item one, item two is going to work fine. But unfortunately this is not the case because we cannot apply the plus operator on generic types. First of all, let's use bounded type parameters. So we know for certain that if we want to sum up values, these must be numbers. So let's make sure that t extends number. It means that this type T can be any subclass of number, such as integer, double float, and so on. Because if we take a look at integer. So let's take a look at the implementation. We can come to the conclusion that integer is a number. Or if we consider, for example doubles, we can come to the conclusion that double is a number. So number is the parent class of integer, double floating point values, and so on. And if we take a look at the documentation of the number class, we can come to the conclusion that there are several methods available, such as we can get the byte value, we can get the double value, float value, integer value, long value and short value. What we do is that we get the double value because double provides the highest general purpose precision. So what we can do is that we can return with item one double value plus item two double value. It is going to work fine, but of course now we return with a double value instead of the generic t type. So we know for certain that we return with a double. If we save this method and in the application, we can use this method without any problem. So for example we use this number utils dot sum. And let's use integers. As you can see it is working fine. Of course the result is not an integer but a double. But anyways, it is working fine. Let's use floating point values. We have something like this. It is going to work fine. Of course, the result is a double and not a floating point value. You. Let's use, for example, doubles. So if we use something like this, then it is going to work just fine, which means that we have managed to implement a generic method for summing up two items. And by the way, we can do approximately the same with a list of generic values. So we can expect for a list of generic t types. This is the list we are going to talk about. List interface and the implementations of the list interface in the coming lectures. Essentially, this is how we can store an arbitrary number of items. And then what we can do is that we have the double result which is equals to 0.0. At the beginning we iterate through we have the item in this list, and the result is these plus equals to the item dot double value. And of course finally we can return with the result. And this is how we can sum up multiple items of generic t type. Of course we assume that this generic type extends number. So it must be an integer or a floating point value or a double or something like that. So if we go back to the application then we can sum up, for example, a list of integers. We have to import list. And if I save and run the application, then we have managed to implement a method that takes a list as the argument. And as you can see, it is able to sum up multiple values without any problem. And of course the result is a double. Okay, so that's all about bounded type parameters and numbers. Thanks for watching.