So how do you deploy our React application? How do you push it onto a real server? There are a couple of steps involved, which you can go through whenever you deploy or redeploy your application. It all starts with writing your code, of course, and then with testing your code. And this might sound obvious, but of course, you wanna thoroughly test your application before you deploy it. You wanna play around with it, test different things, see if you handle errors correctly. Things like that. You wanna make sure that you are shipping an application which is ready to be used. Then as a next step, you might wanna explore optimization opportunities. There are certain things in your code which you can optimize. Most importantly, you might wanna look into a concept called lazy loading. And we are going to explore this concept in this course section. So that is another important part before you actually move your code somewhere, optimize it. Now once you're happy with your code, it's optimized and it's working, then it's time to build your app for production. And with build, I don't mean that you need to write more code, but instead, we will execute a script which was written for us already, which is part of this React project we worked with throughout discourse. A script which will then output a production ready bundle of our code which is unified and automatically optimized to be as small as possible. So that we get an output there which we can take like that and move onto a server. And will then automatically serve our users a highly optimized code package, which is as small as possible, which, of course, matters because we wanna ship as little code as possible to our users because they will only be able to interact with our website once it's fully loaded. So shipping less code will load the app faster, and therefore is better, and we'll be able to automatically generate such a optimized, minified code bundle with a certain script, which we are also going to see in action in this core section. Now, once we get this optimized code package, which is ready for deployment, we need to deploy that package, and therefore the next step is that we take that code, which is produced for us, which is based on the code we wrote, of course, and upload it to a server. Now there we'll have different choices, different hosting providers which we can use, and I'll show an example in this core section, but you can really deploy it anywhere. I'll just leave a couple of notes on what matters there and what you should keep in mind when it comes to deploying your application. You will definitely need to configure your server or your hosting provider's offering, and I'll dive into this configuration together with you in this core section to make it crystal clear what matters here, what you should pay attention to, and how you do configure, and ultimately, deploy your code and your server correctly.