Now for this course section I prepared a brand new example application, a brand new example application which you find attached where we fetch a list of dummy blog posts, and can view the details of such a dummy blog post. Therefore, as you can tell, it is rather simple, but it is an application that does use Routing, that uses react-router and has a couple of routes set up that has multiple page components therefor and multiple separate components that are used in those pages. And therefor, we're using various features about which you learn throughout the course but the application actually isn't too important. This section is about deployment and it is about preparing this application for deployment as a first step. And for that, let's assume that we thoroughly tested that code, so we're happy with the code, we don't wanna change it. The next step then is to optimize that code before we then finally build that app for production, so before we then finally produce the files that we will upload onto a server. And therefor its this optimization step on which I wanna focus in this lecture here. And when it comes to optimizing that code, we could of course look into techniques covered early in the course. For example, techniques covered in the, look behind the scenes, and optimization techniques course section. We could look into using React memo and things like that. But that's actually not what I wanna do here even though we could do it, but instead I want to introduce a new technique you should be aware of. And that would be lazy loading which means that we wanna load certain pieces of code only when it's needed. But what exactly is lazy loading and how does it work? Well to understand lazy loading it's important to understand how this project here will be built and served to end users without lazy loading. And for that, it's important to understand that we have all these import statements in our various files where we import code from other files into the file where the import statement was added. So for example, in this Blog.js file, I'm importing use loader data from react-router-dom, and that simply means that when this component file here is evaluated by the browser, this code for this hook will be imported because this code is needed in order to handle this component, this BlogPage component correctly. That hopefully makes sense. We, for example, must import the code for the PostList component before we can use that component here in the BlogPage component. So all these imports in the end connect these different files. And when this application is served to end users, all these imports must be resolved before something's shown on the screen. That hopefully also makes sense if all these code pieces depend on each other all code must be loaded before something can be shown to the end user. Now actually, when we later build this application something we'll do in one of the next lectures, then all these imported files will actually be merged together into one big file. But even if that would not be the case, we would as I just mentioned, have to resolve all these imports in order to bring something on the screen. Now the theoretical problem with that is, that of course, this means all code files must be loaded before anything's shown on the screen. And for this simple application, that's no problem. It is a really simple application with only a few code files so it's not a problem that we have to load them all. But of course, in more complex applications in bigger apps with dozens or even hundreds of routes and components, that could be a problem. Having to load all the code initially will slow down that initial page load. When the user visits that website for the first time, all that code must be downloaded before anything's showing up on the screen. And therefore that initial load can take quite long and leads to a bad user experience. Again, not a problem for this simple site but can be a problem for bigger sites. And that's exactly where lazy loading comes into play. The idea behind lazy loading is that we load certain components in the end only when they're needed instead of ahead of time. And therefor even though it's not needed for this basic application here as it is rather simple, we're now going to add lazy loading to it so that you learn how it works and so that you could apply that lazy loading technique to more complex sites as well.