(Teacher) So, how do we now add lazy loading? Well, let's say we wanna load that blog page lazily. So, only when we need it. The code for the blog page, and all the code referenced by that blog page, so for example, the code for the post list component should only be loaded when we need it. So for example, when we visit this website and we land on the homepage we don't need the blog page code yet. We will only need it later once we navigate there. And at that point of time, once we navigate there it should be downloaded. And that's exactly what lazy loading will do for us. So, in order to load this blog page lazily we first of all have to remove this import. Otherwise, it's always loaded. It's loaded eagerly, as it's called. So, we must get rid of that. Then, as a next step we have to re-add it but in a way that it's only loaded when it's needed. Now, it's actually worth noting that with this import we're not just importing the blog page but also the loader. So we're actually importing two things which we should now load lazily. And it actually will start with the loader. So, the loader is being used down there and here to load it lazily, we can pass a function to the loader here, So replace the loader from before with a different loader function and that should be a function where in the end call at import function. Now this import keyword, is a keyword we of course saw plenty of times already. We use it to import files, but it turns out that you can actually also call import as a function and in that case it will import something dynamically, only when it's needed. Now, to import you pass a path. In my case here the path to pages blog. And then import gives you a promise. Because this is an asynchronous process, which can take a bit longer because it must download the code after all. And, downloading that code can take a short while. So import gives you a promise and we can change the then keyword here. Alternatively, we could have used asynch weight but here I'll use the then keyword. And then what we get here is the loaded module so the loaded file in the end And on that module I now wanna return the loader function. And of course that loader function should be executed. That loader function as we know then returns a promise, which yields a response and therefore, now with that code our loader here will in the end yield that promise which is yielded by that loader function. But, all of that will be done by loading this lazily. So now this import function here will only be executed once the loader here, for the blog page is executed. So only once we try to visit the blog page. Only then the blog file will be imported and this loader function from that file will be executed. That's what's happening here. With that, we're loading that loader function lazily and that's the first step. The next step is, to also load the blog page component lazily. Now, here we could use a similar approach. We could set this equal to a function, so to a component function, which in the end returns the dynamically imported blog page component file. So, we again, reach out to pages blog and we know that in there our default export is that blog page component. However, this alone won't do the trick because this here is not a valid functional component. Because, whilst you can write components as functions, after all that is what we did throughout this course, A function is only a valid component if it returns JSX code or something like this. This function here however, returns a promise because as I mentioned before, import actually yields a promise. And that's not a valid React component function. To solve this problem React gives us a special function which we have to wrap around this function and that's the lazy function which is imported from React. Lazy is executed and takes this function with the dynamic import as an argument. And now blog page can indeed be used as a component. So here, where I'm using it as a component this code will now work again at least almost it will still take some time to load the code for this component because that code has to be downloaded after all, and the effort you must wrap this with another component provided by React the suspense component. Which also must be imported from React. Now, we saw the suspense component before already. We already used this suspense component with React router when we used defer in our loader. Suspense is basically a component provided by React that can be used by other things other components to wait for content to be loaded before actually rendering the content. That's a general way of describing it. And here suspense is used to wrap it around this lazily loaded component so that we can show a fallback which is specified with help of the fallback prop on suspense until that component code is there. So here we could say loading. With that, we're now loading this block page component only when it's needed. And we show a fallback until the code is there. And we're also loading that loader code only when it's needed, and then we execute it right away so that we overall, still load the data as required. With that, if we save everything. We can go back to our page, to the homepage and if we click on blog that site still loads as expected. Now if you reload on the homepage, you can see how lazy loading works by opening your developer tools and there go to the network tab. Make sure you clear the tab so that you have no requests in there, and then if you click on blog, you will see that actually here it's downloaded this JavaScript file here. This JavaScript file was downloaded dynamically. That was downloaded dynamically because we added lazy loading. And that JavaScript file which was loaded lazily here includes the code for the loader and for the blog page component. Now we can also implement lazy loading for the individual blog posts now. For that, let me first of all show you how it looks like if we don't have lazy loading for them here on the blog page component. If I now click on a single post, we just have a request that downloads that post data from the backend but we have no request that would download the code for this component. So to see the difference now, I'll go back to the blog page and it will now add lazy loading for this single post here as well. You can of course also try this on your own as a practice Here, I'll uncomment the import and then add my post page constant here where I again use lazy to wrap it around a function where I then call import and import pages slash post. Now that's the first step. The second step is to also use the loader code lazily. And for that here I'll again pass a function to my loader where I call import as well and import pages slash post. And then here I get my module where I then access the loader and execute that loader function. So now with that, I also load the post page component lazily and if we now save everything, we'll see the difference once we click on a single blog post here. Now you again see that the code was downloaded dynamically. However, now we're getting an error here and we're getting this error because this params object is now missing in that loader, which we execute here. Of course, we get params by React router in this loader function, and here we should simply forward that under a params key to this loader. Or we simply take that overall meta object which we get from React router which contains this params key and we forward this meta object here to this loader. That's by the way, just one thing we have to do. We should also wrap suspense around the post page here as we did it for the blog page. So that we can await the code for the component itself without issues. So here I then also add my fallback, and with that, with those changes made, if we saved this again and I go back to blog clear my network tab and click on a single blog post, now we see that this works correctly and that the code for this file was downloaded dynamically. And that's lazy loading in action. Again, for this simple app, it's not really required but it is a technique you should be aware of because it can be very useful when you're building more complex applications.