Now that we learned about lazy loading and we optimized our code. Therefore we can move forward towards deploying this and we can start building our app for production. That's the next step we should perform before we finally upload the production code to a server. Now, this build step here is required because the application we're building is not the application we're going to upload at least not like this. This is not the code we're going to upload. This is the code which we use during development. It's very readable and it sometimes even uses features which aren't supported like that in the browser. Like this JSX code that's not supported in browsers. It must be transformed before we can upload this on a server that serves it to end users. By the way, here during development when we preview this page we also get a transformed version of that code. This development server, which we started with NPM start is transforming the code as we're writing it. So it's a life transformation process, so to say. Now, for uploading the code, we also wanna optimize it and we do this by quitting the development server and executing a different script. Here in this default project which we get from create React app, it's this build script. When we run NPM run build, we execute that script. And under the hood, this will produce a code bundle with highly optimized and transformed code which is ready to be uploaded. So here, I'll execute this. As you see, this now creates an optimized production build. And once it finished, it created that build folder here. And it's the content of that build folder that should be deployed to a server. In there in that static folder you have your optimized JavaScript file with those different dynamically loaded junks for the lazy loading, but also with that main chunk that's downloaded initially. And that file contains all the code you wrote plus all the third party package code you're using including the React library itself. It's of course not very readable but it's a valid code that can be executed. So it's the content of the build folder that now must be uploaded. And that is indeed the next step because in the next step we will now upload that code and deploy it as website.