So now that we built the app for production, let's upload it to a server. Let's deploy it. And when it comes to deploying our website, it is really important that a React single page application is a static website. It consists of only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files and maybe a couple of images, but it contains no code that must be executed on the server. Instead, all the code will be parsed by the browser and will be executed on the computers of our visitors. Therefore, we only need a Static Site Host. We don't need any hosting provider that executes code on the server. Such providers exist, and for certain projects you need them. For example, if you're building full stack React applications as you could be doing with my learn course or the next course or some other courses. But if you're just building a React single page application, you don't execute any server site code. You just need a Static Site Host. Now, if you search for deploy static site, you'll find many articles that walk you through possible deployment providers and processes. You'll find many deployment and hosting providers. You'll find blog posts and much more. And for this course here, for this section, I will actually use Firebase Hosting, which is one of the many available providers, but it is a provider that makes hosting static sites pretty easy and therefore it is the provider I will use here. Now, if you wanna use Firebase Hosting, you can visit their official documentation to learn all about it. But of course, we're going to walk through the steps together over the next minutes. But you will also need a Google account. So here I'll quickly log in with my account and once logged in, we can create a new project. Now I'll name this project React deployment demo. The name of course is up to you. And then we can continue here. We don't need to enable Google Analytics. Instead we can create a project like this. And Firebase is a service that offers many other services as well. It, for example, also offers services that would allow us to execute code on the server. But here we're only interested in its static site hosting service. So let's wait for it to finish set up, which it did now. And now we can get started by clicking on build, hosting. Now here we can get started with hosting a site and we get this convenient walkthrough process which tells us exactly what we have to do. And the first step is that we install a tool that helps us with uploading our code to the Firebase servers. So I'll copy that command and execute that command here in my terminal. Now on MacrosAnalytics you might need to add sudo in front of that for that command to execute successfully. Now this will install these fire based tools on your system and once they have been installed, we can continue with the next step, which is that we must log in with that tool that we just installed, log into our Google account because of course we need some way of authenticating our requests that are sent through that tool to Firebase to upload that code to our account and project here. So therefore, I'll wait for this setup process to finish here. And once it's finished, we can execute this Firebase log in command. Now this might prompt you for your username and password and ultimately it should log you in successfully. Now, once you logged in, you can run Firebase init to turn your local project into a project connected to a Firebase project, so to say. Now here, when you run this you're asked a couple of questions. For example, which Firebase features you want to use. And here we got a broad variety of features we could use. I'm only interested in hosting here though and specifically the option where I configure my files for a Firebase Hosting, not the GitHub actions option. If I had space, this is selected and we don't need any other features here. It's just that feature. So we can hit enter thereafter. And as a next step, we wanna choose use an existing project because we already created a project on Firebase. So I hit enter here and then select that project, which I just created. If it's not showing up here you can of course also create a new project. Now, as a next step, it's asking me where my files are, basically, that should be uploaded and in my case, that's the build folder. So I will type build here, not public, but build. It then asks me if this should be configured as a single page app and we will choose Y for a yes here. And I'll get back to this question later in this section. For the moment, let's just pick Y here and hit enter. And we don't need automatic build or deploy. So I will hit No here. It then asks me if it should override the existing build.index.html file, and we don't wanna do that so we choose No here as well. So that now initialized this project as a Firebase project and connected it to the backend. It gave us two new files, which basically establish that connection to the backend and contain some extra settings for hosting this. With that out of the way, the next step is to run this command to upload our files to Firebase. So that's what I'll do here. I'll run Firebase deploy, and this will now upload the files from my build folder to Firebase. So let's wait for that to finish here. Here we go. And it also gives us a URL where we can visit our website. So if I now enter this in the browser, here we go. That's my website now hosted on Firebase servers. And it's working just as it worked locally but now it's out there in the web for everyone to visit. Now, once it was deployed here in the Firebase console, you could add a custom domain. And if you would want to get rid of your site, if you would want to take it offline, you can run Firebase Hosting:disable in your command line. This would take your site offline and would make it inaccessible. Here I'll choose No, but that is something you can do if you wanna get it offline. But that is how you can deploy your React website here for example, to Firebase.