In this lecture we are going to talk about deadlocks and live locks. So first of all, what is a deadlock? A deadlock in Java occurs when two or more threads are waiting for each other to release resources, such as the intrinsic clock, and none of them ever does. As a result, all of the threads involved in the deadlock are stuck forever. So what does it mean exactly that we have a given thread? This is the first thread. We have another thread, the second thread, and for example, the first thread is waiting for the second thread to release the lock, while the second thread is waiting for the first thread to release the lock. This is a deadlock situation that they are waiting for each other to release resources. And of course, in this case the resource is the intrinsic lock itself. And of course, in this case these threads are stuck forever. So neither of them can proceed because they are each waiting for a resource. The other thread holds. What can be the solution? We can use the lock interface and we have been talking about the reentrant lock in the previous lectures, and we came to the conclusion that we can use the Trylock method. That is quite powerful. Why? Because instead of trying to acquire the intrinsic lock indefinitely, we can try to acquire that given lock. And if it is not possible to do so, then the thread is not going to wait for that lock to be released. So this is how we can avoid threads being stuck forever. By the way, it is crucial that in this case the threads are blocked so they are not executing any operations. On the other hand, what about live locks? Live lock is a situation where two or more threads keep changing their state in response to each other, but never make actual progress similar to deadlock, but the threads are not blocked, just too busy reacting to each other to finish. By the way, it is very similar to the following situation. Let's assume that two people, Alice and Bob, are walking toward each other in a narrow hallway that only allow one person to pass at a time. They both try to avoid blocking each other, so Alice steps to the left. Bob steps to the right, but that ends up being the same side, so they both realize they are still blocking each other. They both step to the opposite side again, the same side. So they keep switching sides, trying to let the other pass but never actually move forward. And this is what I am trying to illustrate on the left that the threads are busy. In this case they are not blocked. They are busy reacting to each other to finish execution And they want to acquire the lock that the other thread holds. Okay. So this is the Livelock situation. No matter, we are dealing with deadlock or livelock, the threads cannot proceed to execute the specific tasks. By the way, the solution is to use re-entrant locks again with the triple lock method. So let's take a look at the comparison. In the deadlock situation, the threads are blocked and they are doing nothing. It is quite the opposite when dealing with livelock. The threads are running but not making progress. With deadlock these threads are waiting for the lock. With livelock each thread keeps responding to others. So with deadlock the threads are frozen. On the other hand, with Livelock the threads are active but stuck in a loop. No matter, we are dealing with deadlock or livelock Lock situation. The solution is approximately the same. First of all, we have to use the lock interface and usually the re-entrant lock implementation. So this is how we can ensure that the thread is not blocked indefinitely if it cannot acquire the lock. This is exactly why we can use the Trylock method that tries to acquire the lock, but if it is not possible to do so, it gets back and doesn't wait indefinitely. So using the re-entrant lock implementation is definitely a good idea. Then we have to avoid cyclic dependencies. We should ensure that each thread acquires the locks in the same order to avoid any cyclic dependency in lock acquisition. By the way, this is a typical cyclic dependency that Thread2 tries to acquire. The first lock that the first thread is holding, and the first thread is trying to get the lock that the second thread is holding. So essentially they are waiting for each other to release the lock. This is a typical case of a cyclic dependency. And of course we have to avoid that. And finally we have to introduce some randomness. So livelock can be handled using the same approaches. I mean that we should avoid cyclic dependencies. And we should use the re-entrant lock implementation. And the threads should retry acquiring the locks at random intervals. So instead of trying to acquire the lock indefinitely, the first thread and the second thread can try to acquire the lock for a short period of time. And if it is not possible to do so, then they get back and they do not wait for that given lock indefinitely, and then after some random time, they can try again. So that's all about deadlocks and locks. In the coming lectures we are going to take a look at concrete examples. Let's get started.