In this lecture, we are going to talk about a simple example how to handle deadlocks. So first of all, we are going to create two locks. So private lock lock1 is equals to a new ReentrantLock. With fairness TRUE. Okay, let's import. ReentrantLock. Of course we have to import the lock interface so java.util.concurrent.locks related Lock interface And we are going to create another lock because of course, if we want to deal with deadlock then we need 2 or more locks, then I'm going to create a public void worker1 for example, and then I'm going to create public void worker2 method. So the first thread is going to execute. worker1, the second thread is going to execute. worker2. So here the worker1 is going to lock on the first lock. So I print out new line that worker1 acquires the lock1. Then we are going to sleep for 300 milliseconds to make sure that the second worker is going to acquire the second lock. Okay, so let's surround it with try-catch. And after that we try to lock on the second lock. But of course the second worker will lock on the second lock. So we are not able to acquire the second lock. Here we print out print line. Worker1 acquired the lock to something like this. Okay And after that, we can unlock the first lock and unlock the second lock. And we would like to do approximately the same as far as the second worker is concerned. But here we are going to lock on the second lock. So worker2 acquires the lock. Two Then we sleep for 300 milliseconds. Then we try to acquire the first lock. So worker2 acquires the lock one and then we unlock the locks. So now we have to create two distinct threads. And I would like to show you how we can create a thread with the help of lambda expressions so we can create a new thread. And first of all, we have to instantiate the deadlock class. So a new Deadlock and then we can reference the worker1 method and we have to define the name of that thread and we can start it. So this is how we can start a thread after Java 8 It is possible to create threads like this in the last chapter when we are going to talk about Java Stream's API, we are going to talk about functional programming and lambda expressions. So it is going to be clear what's happening under the hood. What's important that we don't have to define the new thread with the new Runnabe interface and we have to define the run method, if you may recall. So we don't have to define these operations. We can instantiate a new thread and then we can define what's going to be executed in the run method. And we would like to execute. worker1 and we have to give a name to the thread. It is going to be. worker1. Then we can create a new thread. The worker2 so the second thread is going to execute this worker to method and the name of the thread will be worker2 so we just have to start the given threads. So if I save and run it, then what's going to happen? Worker1 acquires the lock1 Worker2 acquires the lock2 And as you can see, the first worker is not able to get the second lock and the second worker is not able to get the first lock. So as you can see, the application is not terminated. It is in a blocked state because the threads are waiting for the other thread to finish execution. So the second thread is waiting for the first thread to unlock the first lock and the first thread with the first worker. It is waiting for the second thread to unlock the second lock. And of course it is not going to happen because they are waiting for each other. So they are in a blocked state and this is called deadlock. As you can see, the order in which they lock on the given locks. Here it is. lock1.lock() then lock2.lock() And here it is. lock2.lock() and then lock1.lock() This is what we have been talking about in a theoretical section, that it is called cyclic dependency. So we should make sure that each thread acquires the locks in the same order to avoid any cyclic dependency in lock acquisition. So essentially we just have to try to avoid cyclic dependencies. So essentially if worker2 is going to acquire the lock1 and of course worker2 acquires the lock1 instead of lock2 and then it will acquire the lock2 exactly in the same order as the first worker. Then essentially there's not going to be any problem. So if we save and we run the application, then as you can see, worker1 acquires the lock1, then lock2, and then the second worker can get the lock1 and then lock2. Okay So essentially we can eliminate deadlocks. If we manage to eliminate cyclic dependencies. That's all about deadlocks. Thanks for watching.