In this lecture, we are going to take a look at a concrete example for live logs. This is going to be very similar to the deadlock implementation. So first of all we have to create a lock. Lock one as a new reentrant lock. So we have the reentrant lock with true as the boolean value. So first of all we have to import the java.util.concurrent locks that lock and reentrant lock as the implementation. Then we have to create another lock. So we are going to use two locks as usual. Then we have to instantiate the live lock example as live lock as a new live lock example. And then we have to create two methods. We have the private void worker one. This is going to be the first method that will be executed by the first thread. And let's copy and paste because we have another method for worker two. So these are going to be executed by different threads. So what do we have to do? We have to instantiate a new thread. We have the livelock. And of course we execute the worker one method. This is going to be the worker one thread. And then we start the method. And let's create a new thread. This is going to be worker two. And it will execute worker two method. Okay. So this is how we create two distinct threads associated with the first worker and the second worker method. The first worker is going to run in an infinite loop. And then we use a try catch block as usual. So we will catch interrupted exception. And then we print the stack trace if there is an interrupted exception. First of all, the first thread will try to acquire the lock for 50 milliseconds. So we have 50 and the time unit is milliseconds of course. Okay. So this is what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures as well. This is how we can acquire the look if it is free within the given waiting time and the current thread hasn't been interrupted. And of course it shows an interrupted exceptions that we can catch. If the first thread can acquire the first lock, then we print out that worker. One acquires the first lock after trying to acquire the first lock. Then we try to lock on the second lock. So if lock two dot lock and it returns true, which means that the first worker can acquire the second lock, then we print out that worker, one acquires the second lock and right after that we unlock. So essentially the first worker. So the first thread is going to release the second lock. And else we know for certain that we are not able to get the second lock. So we print out that worker one cannot acquire lock two. So we continue. What does it mean that we are going to make another iteration in the while loop. And what's crucial is that if a worker can acquire the first lock and after that it can acquire the second lock, then there's not going to be any continue. So this is when we break out of the while loop. So essentially the first thread will terminate. And of course we have to unlock on the first lock. And we have to unlock on the second lock. So we have to release both of the locks if necessary. Okay. The second worker is going to be very similar, but instead of trying to acquire the first lock, it is going to try to acquire the second lock first. So the second worker has an infinite while loop, and it tries to acquire the second lock for 50 milliseconds. If it is successful, then it prints out that worker two acquires the second lock, and then the second worker tries to get lock one. So we call the Trylock method, and if it returns true, it means that the second worker acquires the lock one, and then after that, the second worker releases the first lock immediately. Else we know for certain that the second worker cannot acquire the first lock, so it continues. What does it mean that there's going to be another while loop? So essentially it tries to acquire the first lock and the second lock indefinitely. Again, if it can acquire the second lock as well as the first lock, then we break out of the while loop and we release. So we unlock on the first lock and the second lock if necessary. Okay, so let's see what's going to happen. If we save and run the application then this is a typical example of a livelock. Both of the threads are trying to acquire the same locks, and they are waiting for each other indefinitely. And this is exactly what we have been talking about in the theoretical section, that the crucial difference between deadlock and livelock is that the threads are blocked and are doing nothing with that look. But on the other hand, threads are running but not making progress in the livelock situation. And this is exactly what's happening here. If I stop and terminate the application. Let's take a look at what's happening. Worker one can acquire lock two. Then worker one acquires the lock one. Then worker one tries to get lock two. But worker one cannot acquire the lock two. So worker one acquires the lock one again. It tries to get lock two, but it cannot acquire the lock two, so it acquires the lock one and so on. And as far as the second worker is concerned, it can acquires the second lock and it tries to get the first lock, but without any success, because worker two cannot acquire the lock, one because it belongs to worker one. So this is a typical case of a live look. And what is the solution? We can use reentrant locks and we should avoid cyclic dependencies. Okay. So that's all about Livelock example. Thanks for watching.