In this lecture we are going to talk about the volatile keyword. But first of all, we have to get back to what we have discussed in one of the previous lectures about thread fundamentals. So we came to the conclusion that a given thread has its own stack memory. And because every single thread is executed by a central processing unit, and of course there may be multiple central processing units within a single computer. This is why it may happen that two threads are executed by two independent central processing units, and because central processing unit has a cache memory, it may happen that the CPU caches a given variable. So no matter that we create a variable that is stored in the main memory, because the central processing unit caches that given variable, it is not visible for all the other threads. Okay, so Java threads may cache variable locally in CPU registers or thread local memory. If one thread updates a variable, the change might not be visible to others until it is flushed to the main memory. So of course, it may happen that we flush the variable that is stored in the cache into the main memory again. So this is exactly why we use the volatile keyword. So without the volatile one threads update to a variable may not be seen by other thread immediately due to CPU caching or compiler optimizations. So essentially, the volatile keyword is a lightweight synchronization mechanism that ensures changes made by one thread to a variable are immediately visible to other threads. Okay, so first of all we are going to create a worker class. So class worker and this worker class is going to implement the runnable interface, which means that we are going to execute the worker as a thread basically. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to make sure that it is spelled correctly. And then we have to order the unimplemented method. So first of all I'm going to create a private boolean variable whether the given algorithm is terminated or not. What do we have to do. We are going to use a while loop and while not is terminated we are going to System.out.println. And that working class is running okay. And then we are going to sleep for for example 500 milliseconds. Of course we have to handle the interrupted exception. So this is why we have to use a try catch block okay. And of course we are going to generate getters and setters for the is terminated, so is terminated is going to return the is terminated variable by the way. Usually it is called terminated and while not terminated and the boolean is terminated, is going to return with terminated whether it is true or false. And of course we need the public void set terminated boolean terminated. And of course we have to set the terminated to be equals to the terminated. Okay. So this is how we generate getters and setters for the Boolean flag. And basically the while loop is going to depend on this terminated variable. So in the main method we are going to create a new thread t1 as a new thread and the new worker as the runnable. Okay. Then we start the given thread. Then we wait for, for example, 3000 milliseconds. So three seconds, and then we check whether is it possible to terminate the worker with the help of the setter. So first of all I have to instantiate it like this. So it is a new worker. Then I should use something like this. Why of course, because we have to use this object as a worker to set terminated to be true, because we would like to terminate the algorithm, of course. And then we print out that the algorithm is terminated. So working class is running, running, running. And after that the algorithm is terminated. So in this case it is working fine. But there may be cases when the central processing unit caches this terminated boolean flag variable. So this is why if we use the volatile keyword. We guarantee that the central processing unit is not going to catch this variable, and we make sure that this terminated boolean variable is read from the main memory. Instead of a cache memory that is visible to just a single thread. So this is exactly why the volatile keyword came to be. If I save and run it again, working class is running running and then the algorithm is terminated. So this is how we can use the volatile keyword in order to guarantee that the central processing unit is not going to catch this variable. So this variable is going to be stored in the main memory. So it will be stored in the main memory. And finally let's talk about what's happening exactly. So you may pose the question that if we do not use the volatile keyword and we run the application, then essentially the application is going to work exactly the same. So essentially there are two threads involved. First of all, we have the main thread that is the application thread. So essentially the main thread starts the worker thread with the help of the start method. So we would like to understand that why is it working fine despite the fact that we do not use the volatile keyword? If we use volatile, we know for certain that these threads are going to push the variables onto the main memory. But if we do not use the volatile keyword, then it may happen that these threads store this variable on the main memory, despite the fact that we do not specify volatile explicitly. So if we do not use the volatile keyword, it may happen that these variables are stored on the main memory. Okay, so it may happen that this given Boolean variable. So the terminated variable is stored on the main memory, despite the fact that we do not use the volatile keyword. And then it may happen that both the main thread and the worker thread are within the same CPU or CPU core, which means that they are writing the variables and reading the variables from the same cache. So this is another option that both of the threads may use. So it may happen that they use the same cache of the same CPU or same CPU core. So this is why it may happen that without the volatile keyword, the main thread can stop the worker thread exactly as we see here. Okay, so that's all about the volatile keyword. Usually we like to use volatile to make sure that the given variable will be stored on the main memory, and it is going to be visible to other threads of the application. Thanks for watching.