In this lecture we are going to talk about atomic variables. You can take a look at the documentations at oracle.com that there are several atomic variables in the Java.util.concurrent atomic package. It defines classes that support atomic operations on single variables such as integers, longs, booleans, and so on. All classes have, get and set methods that work like reads and writes on volatile variables. Okay, so we can use atomic variables in order to deal with multi-threading issues. So this is what we have been talking about that for example, if we have a public void increment method that's going to increment a given variable. So for example private integer counter is equals to zero at the beginning. And we have a given increment method that's going to increment the value of the counter. Then we can define two threads. So new thread. First of all instantiate atomic integer as a new atomic integer. New atomic integer. Like this. So we have to instantiate the class. And then we can use the so-called double colon method reference operator in order to use the atomic integer class's increment method. And we are going to use thread one as the name. And then we can start that given thread okay. And we can create another thread that's going to call the increment method with name thread two. And instead of incrementing just once, we are going to increment it. For example I less than 10,000. So we are going to increment the value 10,000 Times, okay. And of course, in this case, we are not able to use the lambda expression method because we would like to make sure that the threads are finishing execution. So we have to join the given thread. So we will create a new thread with new runnable. And of course we have to override the run method. And the run method is going to call the increment method. So increment something like this. Of course we have to change increment to static. And then I'm going to create the second thread. The first thread will be t1. The second thread will have the name t2. They are going to call the same increment method. Then of course what do we have to do? Of course we have to start the given thread. So t1 dot start, then t2 dot start. And finally we have to join. So basically we have to wait for the threads to finish execution. So surround with try catch and we have to join the second thread. So we are going to wait for both of the threads to finish execution. And after that we are going to print out the counter plus the counter variable. And of course we have to make sure that the counter will be a static variable. So if we use something like this then it is not going to work because incrementing a given integer is not an atomic operation. So this is why we have to use synchronized. And if we use synchronization this is what we have been talking about that it is going to work just fine. But the other solution is that we can create an atomic integer instead of integer itself. So we can create an atomic integer as the counter, and it is a new atomic integer and the initial value is zero. And of course, there's going to be an issue because the class name itself is atomic integer. So I'm going to rename the class refactor rename to atomic integer. Example okay finish. We can use the atomic integer like this with initial value zero. We just have to import java.util.concurrent atomic integer and it is going to work just fine. So it's going to be the atomic integer example. But there is no need for an object like that. So we are going to increment without a synchronized method and we are not able to increment it like this. There are several methods because it is an object. So we can use odd and get. We can use decrement and get. We can use, get and accumulate and so on. So there's going to be an increment method as you can see get and increment automatically increments by one the current value. And it returns with the previous value. But we don't care about the previous value. So it is going to be just fine. So if I save and run it, then as you can see it is going to be just fine. There is no need for synchronization because atomic integers under the hood, it uses low level synchronization in order to avoid inconsistent states. So this is how we can use atomic integers. We can use atomic longs atomic booleans, atomic integer arrays for example. It is quite convenient because we don't have to deal with synchronized blocks and so on, because atomic integer class is going to do everything for us. So this is why it is extremely convenient to use Java.util.concurrent atomic package. Thanks for watching.