In the coming lectures we are going to talk about semaphores and mutual exclusion. So first of all, let's talk about semaphores. Dijkstra introduced semaphores as part of his work on synchronization mechanisms in concurrent programming back in 1965. By the way, Dijkstra was a famous computer scientist who invented the shortest path algorithm as well. First of all, you may pose the question that why to use semaphores at all? Before semaphores, there was no clean and formal way to safely manage critical sections and shared resources between threads or processes. Dijkstra's semaphore concept became a fundamental building block for concurrent programming in operating systems and software design. Semaphores are essentially simple variables, but with special behavior that allows them to safely control access to shared resources in concurrent systems. Okay. So a semaphore keeps track of how many units of a particular resource are available. A thread must wait until a unit becomes available before proceeding. By the way, there are two types of semaphores. There is the binary semaphore that allows only one resource. So the intrinsic count is either 0 or 1. If the value is one, then a given thread can execute that critical section. If the value is zero, it means that any thread has to wait. It is used to enforce mutual exclusion. We are going to talk about mutual exclusion in the next lecture, which means that only one thread at a time can access the critical section. So essentially it acts like a look. It is either taken when the value is zero or available when the value is one. On the other hand, there is the counting semaphore that allows an arbitrary number, any non-negative integer as the resource count. It is used when there are multiple identical resources available. For example, we would like to allow ten database connections. Then we create a semaphore where the resource count is equals to ten, and every single thread that enters a given critical section decrements that resource count by one. And when the resource count is equal to zero, it means that other threads have to wait until the resource count is not equal to zero. Okay, so this is a typical case when we want to limit the number of database connections. Or for example, we are dealing with a limited amount of threads in a given thread pool. So essentially we initialize the counting semaphore with a The value. For example capital n, where n is the number of available resources. By the way, we are going to talk about the implementation of the semaphore and it is going to be clear. So just to summarize again, semaphores only keep count of the number of available resources. It's absolutely crucial that they do not track which specific resources are available. Then the semaphore count can serve as a useful trigger for various actions, such as in web servers. And finally, the producer consumer problem can be implemented using semaphores. This is Dijkstra's approach for the producer consumer problem. So essentially this is exactly why he invented this concept to solve the producer consumer problem that we have already discussed in one of the previous lectures. So in the next lecture we are going to talk about mutual exclusion. And finally we are going to talk about the Java implementation of a semaphore.