In this lecture we are going to talk about Mutexes that stands for mutual exclusion. So what is it exactly? A mutex is a programming construct used to prevent multiple threads from accessing a critical section of code, simultaneously, ensuring thread safety. Essentially, this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous chapters. So only one thread at a time can hold the mutex and execute the protected section of code. Other threads attempting to acquire the mutex are blocked until it becomes available. As you may guess, for example, a synchronized block or a synchronized method is a good example for a mutex or when we are dealing with reentrant lock implementation. Again, it is a typical example of a mutual exclusion object. So when we use a synchronized method or a synchronized block exactly as we have discussed in the previous lecture, then we are using an intrinsic clock or monitor associated with an object or a given class. It ensures that only one thread at a time can execute the synchronized code block on the same object, just like how a mutex works in other programming languages. And by the way, the mutex here is the object you synchronized on. So because we use the synchronized block with this that refers to the object itself. This is exactly what we have been discussing in one of the previous lectures that it is called object level locking. This is why if two threads try to enter this synchronized block at the same time on the same instance, one will block until the other finishes. So just to summarize again, a synchronized block uses the monitor lock of an object to ensure mutual exclusion, which is the definition of a mutex. So in practice a synchronized block is a mutex mechanism. And let's talk about the differences between semaphores and mutexes because they are quite similar to each other. But there are fundamental differences. What is the purpose for mutex? The purpose is mutual exclusion, which means that only one thread can execute a given block at a given time. On the other hand, for semaphores, the purpose is signaling and resource counting. The count is only one with a mutex. This is the logged and unlogged situation, and for a semaphore it can be any non-negative number. A mutex has a single owner. The thread that logged it. On the other hand, there is no ownership with semaphores, so any thread can call the acquire and release methods. The mutex protects critical sections and prevents race Condition. On the other hand, semaphores control access to a limited number of resources. A mutex blocks if already logged, while on the other hand a semaphore blocks. If count is equals to zero. A mutex must be released by the thread that logged it. On the other hand, with semaphores, it can be released by any thread. And by the way, a binary semaphore is very similar to a mutex because both of them enforce mutual exclusion. So they are both synchronization primitives used to control access to shared resources in concurrent programming. But the main difference has something to do with ownership. A binary semaphore has no concept of ownership, while on the other hand, mutex has ownership, which means that only the owner's thread can unlock the mutex, so we should use a mutex when we want to protect a critical section. And we want to ensure ownership. On the other hand we have to use a binary semaphore for coordination or signaling between threads where ownership isn't important. And by the way, just to make sure that it is clear that what we are talking about, you may pose the question that what is an ownership? Ownership refers to the concept that only the thread that acquires or locks a resource has the right to release or unlock it. And the final conclusion is that there's no ownership when dealing with semaphores. But on the other hand, there is ownership when dealing with mutexes. In the previous lectures, we have already been talking about mutexes because we have been talking about synchronized methods, synchronized blocks and reentrant lock clos. In the coming lecture we are going to talk about semaphores.