In this lecture we are going to talk about the so-called semaphores. So semaphores are used to control access to shared resources with the help of counter variable. So semaphore maintains a set of permits. And there are two crucial methods acquire and release. If a permit is available then with the help of the acquire method, we can take that given permit and with the help of the release, the given thread can increment the value of the permit, which is the counter variable itself. Anyways, we are going to talk about the concrete example and it is going to be clear. So semaphore just keeps a count of the number of permits available. We can instantiate a semaphore like this. We have to define two parameters the number of permits and a boolean fairness parameter. If we set this fairness to be true, it means that the longest waiting thread is going to get the next permit available. This is how we can avoid thread starvation, so we can make sure that every single thread is going to execute the given operation. So first of all, let's create an enum. We have enum downloader. This is how we can implement a singleton pattern. If you are interested in why to use enums, then take a look at my other course on software Engineering and Architectural Design. In this case, we are not going to talk about architectural design. We are talking about semaphores. Okay, so we have a given instance. This is how we can access downloader itself. And here we instantiate a semaphore as semaphore as a new semaphore. And we are going to have three permits. And we will make sure that the fairness parameter is initialized to be true. Of course we have to import Java.util.concurrent related semaphore. By the way, you can take a look at the documentation and as you can see, it is a counting semaphore. A semaphore maintains a set of permits. Each acquire blocks, if necessary, until a permit is available and then takes it. The release of a permit potentially releasing the blocking acquirer. Okay, so this is what we can use in order to restrict the number of threads that can access some physical or logical resource. Okay. So this is what we instantiate here a new semaphore. And then we have a public void download method. So first of all we have the semaphore. Let's get rid of the typo. So semaphore dot acquire. First of all the given thread will acquire the permit. If available we have to surround it with try catch. Of course if there is an interrupted exception then we print out the stack trace. And finally what do we have to do? Of course, we have to call the semaphore dot release. With the help of the acquire method, we can acquire a permit from the semaphore for the given thread. And of course, the release is going to release the permit. So returning it to the semaphore. And of course after acquiring the semaphore we will call the download data method that's going to simulate downloading data from the web. So this is a private void download data method. First of all we sleep for 2000 milliseconds or 2 seconds. Okay. Let's surround it with trycatch. And then of course we will print out that system out and println just for demonstration purposes. Downloading data from the web. And of course make sure that we print out before sleeping with the actual thread. So this is how we will Simulate the download operation. Okay. So in the application let's create the public static main method. Of course we have to define the string arguments as a one dimensional array. And what do we have to do. We have to create multiple threads. And instead of instantiating them one by one we are going to use the executor service. We are going to talk about it in the coming lectures. What's crucial that in this lecture we are going to use it. So we have the executor service as service and we can use the executors new cached thread pool. Okay. So this is how we can create threads quite conveniently. Let's import Java.util.concurrent executor service. Don't worry we are going to talk about it in the coming lecture. What's crucial that we would like to create are smaller than 12. So 12 threads. And of course we increment I by one. And what do we have to do. We can call the service dot. Execute a new runnable. Of course, we have to add the unimplemented run method. We just have to call downloader dot instance and download method. So this is how we can call the download method with the help of the instance without instantiating the given class. This is the so-called singleton pattern. So we have the singleton design pattern. Anyways, this course is not on design patterns and architectural design. Okay, so we create 12 threads and the 12 threads are going to download data from the web. And because we have defined a semaphore with three permits, what's going to happen if we save and run the application. As you can see at the moment, three threads can download data from the web. Why? Because we have a semaphore. And a semaphore is used to control access to a shared resource with the help of a counter variable. The so-called permit. Because we have a semaphore with permit value three, it means that only three threads can download data at the same time. Of course, if we are using five as the number of permits, then what's going to happen? Of course, five threads can download data from the web at the same time. So this is how we can use semaphores in order to control access to shared resources. And of course, as you may guess, it is quite popular because if you have a web server, then of course you would like to control access to the given web server. And of course you can define a semaphore that's going to allow as many websites to access your web server at the same time as the number of permits you define in the semaphore. So this is why using semaphores are extremely powerful and extremely convenient. Thanks for watching.