So as mentioned, this is the project, the website we're going to build in this section. And when I say we are going to build it, I basically mean you are going to build it, or at least you should try building it first, because I got a couple of tasks for you that allow you to practice what you learned. Though of course, throughout the rest of this section here, I'm going to build this website here together with you and you can follow along with me to see how I'm tackling those tasks and how I am building this project. But that being said, let's now take a look at this starting project I prepared for you and the tasks you should complete with this project. So here's the starting project and you of course find it attached. You also find a link to Code Sandbox attached which you can use alternatively if you don't want to install anything locally. But I'm of course going to use a local environment as I always do in this course. And in this starting project I am providing to you, you'll find a source folder with a couple of JavaScript files and an assets folder with a nested images folder. Now the only really relevant file for us is the App.js file. In that file here, you'll already find some code and you'll also already find a react component in there. Now this component and this overall app is not finished though. Instead here in this component I got a header, where I output an image and the image is actually imported like this from the assets folder. This is an import syntax you can use in React projects. It is supported by the underlying development server and build process, and this is how you can use images which are stored in this assets images folder here in your component files. You simply import them, assign any name of your choice to them, and then you use them as a dynamic source value. But that's already in this file of course. What's not in this file or what's at least not finished right now is information about some of those React key concepts you should be aware of. Though I will say that this is just a demo website, just an exercise. And this is not an exhaustive list of all key React concepts. Instead, you're going to learn about more React concepts throughout this course. But anyways here we got an array full of objects and down here the goal is to output the information that's contained in those objects in this array. But at the moment that's not happening. And that's where your tasks start. The first task is to output those key concepts, so that key concepts data. This data which you find in this area should be output here on the screen. And of course with that, I don't mean that you should copy and paste the text. Instead, you should find a different way of outputting that data, but that's only the first task. The second task then is to identify possible components you could create, possible JSX code snippets you could outsource into a separate component. For that you should analyze this JSX code in the app component and come up with possible components this code could be split up into. Now of course identifying possible components isn't everything though. Instead then as a last task in this section here, you should then also create and use those custom components. So you should create new components. Also use props if you need to use them. And of course once you went through all these steps and once you have a working solution, definitely also take a look at the remaining lectures in this section because there I will walk you through my solution, repeat some core component and React concepts you must know, and of course also let you know why I chose this solution and why I perform certain steps. Now in case you're getting stuck whilst trying this on your own, also take a look at the next lecture, so the lecture after this one here, because that will be a hints lecture where I give you some hints on how to tackle this and where idea four can hopefully help you come up with a solution. And with that, good luck and I'll see you in my solution.