Welcome back and we are into a new section where we are going to talk about a new challenge as of now, we discussed about the challenge one, which is how to build microservices with the help of REST APIs. And inside the previous section we built three different type of microservices with the name accounts, loans and cards. With that, we should not be super happy because there are many other challenges that we need to overcome in order to build microservice. And now is the time to understand the next challenge that we may face inside microservices architecture. Before I try to reveal the details about these challenge two, let me talk about a real scenario that we may face on day to day basis. If you see here, there are five different types of t shirts available and every t shirt has their own size like S indicates small, medium, large, extra large and double extra large. Whenever you're trying to buy a new t shirt or whenever you are trying to wear a t shirt, you'll be obviously choose the best size that fits for you. For example, you will never be choosing a wrong size. Suppose if you are a person who wears m size on a day to day basis, why would you wear double XL T shirt if you try to wear a double XL t shirt? Definitely you will be having some problems. Like you will be in a embarrassing position in front of others and the t shirt will be very loose and the same applicable for vice versa scenario. Also think like you are a person who delivers XL size t shirt and all of a sudden if you are using small t shirt then definitely it is not going to fit for your body. Even if you try to force that and wear it on your body, it is not going to look good and you will not be able to walk properly. You will not be able to sleep properly. You will not be able to sit properly. Here what I'm trying to say is sizing is very important whenever you are trying to choose a best t shirt for you. If you have experience working in Agile and Scrum teams, we will size our user stories based upon t shirt sizing, based upon how complex the user story is, we are going to assign one of the t shirt size for the user story. The same applies for the microservices as well. Are you ready to see what is this challenge 2 this challenge 2 is about how to right size and identify service boundaries of microservices. So this is the most challenging aspect of building a successful microservice system inside any organization. Because without proper sizing and identifying the boundaries of microservices, we can't build a good microservice network inside any organization, for example any organization or any project who want to migrate to microservice from monolithic or who want to develop microservices from scratch. Frist they need to identify what is the right sizing or what are the service boundaries for their microservices. When I say right sizing, I mean your microservices should not be so big where you are not able to grab all the advantages that we have with the microservice and at the same time they should not be so small and they should not have very less business logic due to which we will end up having more number of microservices inside the organization. If you onboard more number of microservices which are very small in nature, then definitely there will be some operational overhead to make sure all these microservices are interconnected. They are able to communicate with each other. There's going to be lot of operational overhead. That's why as an architect, as a developer or as a technical lead or as a manager, it's our responsibility to make sure our microservices are following the right sizing based upon the business needs. The very next question that you may have here is I understand what is right sizing, how to derive the sizing for my own microservices inside my own project. For the same, there are two most commonly followed approaches or standards in the industry. The very first approach is Domain-Driven-Sizing. Since most of our business logic are enhancements driven by the business needs, we can size our define the boundaries for our microservice that are closely aligned with the domain driven and business capabilities. When I say domain driven, for example, inside the EasyBankApplication, we have various domains like Accounts, Cards, Loans, and very similarly, there can be other domains inside the easy bank. In other words, we can call these domains as departments or different verticals inside an organization. We can build microservices based upon these domains. For example, we have built three different microservices by taking these domains as an input like accounts, cards and loans. But there might be scenarios where an organization can have a big domain and a single domain, there might be a lot of products being handled or a lot of business being handled. And under that domain there will be hundreds of developers. In such scenarios, it may not be a good idea to go strictly with Domain-Driven-Sizing. That's why in such scenarios we should not blindly go based upon the domains or business capability departments or verticals inside an organization. We should discuss with all the business people, technical people, architects inside the organization who has the domain knowledge. There might be some people who might be working in the organization from many decades. We should take inputs from all those leaders and experienced people to understand what a domain is doing on day to day operations, because no single person will never know all the business happening inside the organization. That's why we need to talk with the domain experts and talking with these domain experts, business leaders, along with the technical people, clients, business analysts, product owners. So this is going to be a super time consuming process. Definitely, It is not going to happen in a 1 or 2 days. At least, It will need 3 to 6 months of time where you will gather all the domain related information. What are the operations that are being handled by each domain? What is the team size? What are the existing applications? Once we have all this information, there will be a good brainstorming happen and inside these brainstorming sessions you will involve all the business people, technical people, business people, client people, and accordingly, a right sizing will be identified for the microservice. When you start with a size for microservice, it is obviously not going to be a right size for many organizations. Initially, they will start with some assumptions and with some sizing of the microservice. Once they get started with the microservice development and deployments, if they see a lot of operational overhead is required, that means they might have identified a lot, many microservices, which is a operational overhead in such scenarios, then definitely they will revisit their sizing and they will try to club some microservices to a larger microservice. This way this is going to be a continuous process where business will try to see if the current sizing of the microservices is fine. If not, they will try to fine tune it either by splitting the existing microservice or by clubbing the microservices. So this is one of the most common approach and this has its own advantages and disadvantages. One of the primary disadvantage is it is time consuming and it also need a lot of people who has good understanding on the business and domain to overcome these challenges, we also have other approach, which is Event-Storming Sizing. In this scenario, a facilitator is going to conduct an interactive session among various stakeholders like product owners, developers, testers, clients, business owners, business leaders. Inside these fun sessions, everyone will be provided with some sticky notes. On top of those sticky notes, they will be asked to think about an event that is possible inside a business. If you take a bank application as an example, a customer can complete the payment or he can search for a product. So these are the sample events. Once all the possible events are identified by the stakeholders as a next step, they are going to identify what are the commands and reactions. Command is a process which will initiate the event. For example, for the completed payment event, the customer has to click on a button to initiate the payment. So that is going to be a command and the reaction can be the amount will be deducted from his account post the completion of the payment. So this way, once all the events commands reactions are identified, they will be separated and segregated based upon the domain. For example, all cards related events, commands and reactions. I can move to the cards domain. Similarly for Loans and Accounts. The advantage with this approach is you don't need experts who knows the business from many days. Anyone who is using your product on day to day basis, who is testing your product on day to day basis, they can provide their inputs. Like this is the event that I can perform inside the application. And since this is going to be a super interactive and fun sessions with lot many stakeholders, you can gather a lot of information with a very few meetings. Maybe you can conduct 5 to 6 meetings in a month and within a month you will have all the events information along with that domain mapping. Once you have all these information, it is going to be super, super easy to rightsize your microservice. You can see there is a blog from lucidchart how to perform these event storming sessions inside an any organization. We can try to refer the same for more details. This is the blog. It has all the details on how someone can facilitate these events. You as a developer, you don't have to facilitate, but this is going to be a good information for you because at some day you may end up attending these kind of events or in some interview people can ask you how you have rightsized your microservice in such scenarios. All this information is going to be super helpful if you can scroll down first, we need to provide the sticky notes to the stakeholders or with the help of Lucidchart, you can make all this process digital with their website. Once the sticky notes is provided, all the stakeholders, they will provide their inputs like what are the possible events that can happen inside an application? The advantage of this process is it is going to be super fast and it is going to be straightforward and it is going to be engaging with all the stakeholders and it is going to be more effective compared to the Domain-Driven Sizing. If you can further scroll down on this page, you'll be seeing all the steps that a facilitator will follow to perform this event. Storming. First, the facilitator will try to invite all the right people, including the clients, developers, testers, managers, architects, business leaders post that they are going to provide unlimited modeling space, which means using sticky notes or any other approach. You need to give a freedom to the stakeholders that they can mention any number of events. There can be duplicates like two different people they can propose duplicate events. That's fine because as a facilitator you should be removing all those duplicate events. With this freedom, stakeholders will try to provide all the events that they are aware inside the application. As a next step, we need to identify commands for each domain events. Once the commands are identified, We should also identify the reactions that may happen because sometimes a reaction can be act as a command for the next event. That's why identifying the events commands reactions is very important. Once all these events commands reactions are identified, you can try to segregate them based upon that domains or based upon the business or based upon the departments. So here you can see they have separated based upon business product creation, sales testing. So very similarly, you can separate based upon the domains. Once you have these domain specific events, this is going to be input for your right sizing of the microservice. If you are interested, please read all the details present inside this blog. It is going to take ten minutes only. I'm going to mention this link inside the GitHub Readme document. With this I'm assuming your super super clear with the common approaches that we have to rightsize our microservices. In the next lecture, let's try to take an example of easy bank and try to rightsize our microservices. That's where it is going to be super clear for you. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.