In the previous lecture I discussed about the common approaches that we can follow whenever we are trying to right size and identify service boundaries for our microservices. Now, inside this lecture, let's try to take an example of a BankApplication that needs to migrate or built based upon a microservices architecture. So whenever someone is trying to migrate or built based upon a microservices architecture, definitely first, they need to identify the appropriate sizing for the microservices. So the CEO or the chief technology officer of the bank, he or she formed three different teams for these analysis and he or she asked them to come up with their own sizing for the microservices. Let's try to see what these three different teams, they try to come up based upon their understanding on the BankApplication. They might have used the Domain-Driven Sizing or Event-Driven Sizing. It's up to them, but let's try to see what they come up and towards the end of this lecture we will act as a CEO or the CTO of the bank and will try to select one of the sizing for our microservices. The very first team, they came up with a sizing saying that saving account and trading account related business logic can be separated as a single microservice. So this bank application, they support both saving account and trading account. Using saving account you can save or you can store your money digitally. And similarly, with the help of trading account, you can buy and sell the stocks mutual funds. So they're trying to club both of the saving account and trading account into a single microservice. And similarly, the bank also provides cards and loans related products to the end customers. They're trying to club both these cards and loans as a single microservice. So this is what team1 came up. Now let's see what is Team2 came up. Now Team2 recommended to have a separate microservice for the saving account and trading account. And very similarly, they also recommended separate microservice for cards and loans. So Team2 came up with four different microservices, whereas Team1 came up with two different microservices. Now let's go and see what is Team3 came up, Team3 came up with so many microservices like one for saving account, the second one for trading account, which is very similar to team2. Now coming to the cards, since the bank application supports both debit card and credit card, they are recommending a separate microservice for debit and credit card. And inside loans also, the bank is going to offer many types of loans like home loan, vehicle loan, personal loan for all these type of loans. Team 3 recommended separate microservices. So these are the three options that three different teams presented in front of us. So now let's try to act as a CTO or CEO. I hope you are fine to act as a CEO or CTO. Off course, every one of us aspired to become CEO and CTO someday, but for today, let's try to act in those roles. So with the very first option we have drawback because they are not rightly sized. As you can see, cards and loans, they are clubbed and similarly saving account and trading account, they are clubbed. With these, there is a tight coupling between cards and loans and saving accounts and trading account. And in future when a cards team they want to enhance the microservice for their own needs, then definitely there will be some issues from the loans team. That's why this right sizing is not a good sizing, at least to me. I hope you are convinced with that. Now let's look at the second option. The second option looks most reasonable and correct sizing to me because all the business domains they are recommending as independent modules or microservice. So there is a loose coupling and at the same time, this sizing gives a flexibility to the different teams inside the organization to have their own enhancement life cycle. And on top of this they can choose their own language, their own database. Now coming to the third approach, this also makes sense, but in order to go for this service, you should have huge functionality that separates between debit card and credit card and home loan and vehicle loan and personal loan. If the functionality is very similar, then this is not a right sizing because you will end up having too many microservice which will attract lot, many operational overheads. That's why here my choice is going to be the option two, which looks safer for me right now. Maybe in future if there are some issues like cards, we cannot put everything inside a single microservice instead, we should go for debit card and credit card microservice separately. Then obviously in future, after discussing with all the stakeholders, we can separate a single cards microservice into two microservices like debit card and credit card. So the overall summary that I'm trying to convey with this exercise is no sizing is a right sizing. Initially, and if there are some issues you should continuously follow sizing your microservices till you reach to a safer and correct sizing. And in fact, the expectation also is not to identify the right sizing on the day one itself. Companies are organizations they will have their own learnings with their own microservices sizing post that based upon these learnings, they will always try to rightsize and identify service boundaries for their microservices. But for now, Team 2 is a winner here. As a CTO or as a CEO, this makes sense more to me because there is no separate business logic as of now inside my organization that differentiate between a debit card and credit card, home loan, vehicle loan and personal loan. There might be some minor differences, but I can handle such minor differences with the help of database columns or any other approaches just for the minute Business logic differences. We should not separate microservices and go for the approach 3. I hope this is clear. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture bye.