Inside this lecture, let's try to consider a migration use case where a e-commerce startup, they are trying to migrate from monolithic architecture to the microservices architecture. And as part of this migration use case, let's try to understand how the accurate right sizing of the microservice is going to help any organization. Like you can see here first, let's try to imagine a e-commerce startup in the initial days, they used to have a monolithic server inside the monolithic server they used to have APIs which can be consumed by client applications like mobile applications. And very similarly, they also have MVC style web application expose to their website. From their HTML website, a web app MVC path will be invoked and the same will be redirected to the backend monolithic server. And inside this monolithic server, like you can see, there are many modules that are clubbed and deployed inside a single server. And these modules like identity, which will handle the authentication and authorization. There is a catalog module which will help searching for the products inside an application. There is an orders, there is an invoices, sales, marketing, module. And very similarly there are other modules like orders, invoices, sales and marketing. You can imagine any number of modules inside e-commerce application, but for now, for simplicity, let's try to assume that these six modules are present inside this monolithic e-commerce server. And like, you know, inside monolithic application, there is going to be a single supporting database. That's why they have a single relational database inside their database layer. I hope you are clear with this monolithic architecture of an e-commerce startup. Now let's try to see what are the problems that they are facing with this setup. In the initial days, everyone is happy because the team is very small, and the traffic and volume that is coming towards a website and mobile application is very small. So they are able to manage with the monolithic application because building, testing, deploying and troubleshooting an issue is very easy with only a single server. But later on, after a few years, this e-commerce application, it became super famous like Amazon, and they started receiving a lot of traffic, lot of data, and at the same time they are also facing lot of competition from the other competitor website. So with all this setup, they are facing lot of challenges. Let's try to understand what are those challenges. The very first challenge is the application becomes super complicated and no single person understand the entire application. Because over the years, lot of business logic added inside the same application. And many people, they left the organization and at the same time, there is lot of tight coupling between the multiple modules. With this definitely that leaders at this e-commerce application, they are scared to make any changes, making any change will attract a lot of bugs and regression issues, so they cannot really make any changes within a short period of time. Any change that they want to do, it requires months of time because along with the development, you should do a lot of testing, regression testing, performance testing. Apart from these challenges, they are also going to face challenges during the deployment of the application. For suppose if they make a small change inside the invoice module, they need to redeploy their entire application, which is unnecessary and time consuming, and any single unstable component can crash their entire system. And off course, adapting to new technology and framework is not at all an option with these small, thick application. And since the application is not separated and loosely coupled based upon the business logic, definitely the organization cannot build isolated small teams by following agile delivery Methodology. They can't have different, different scrum teams focusing on different, different functionality because everything is tightly coupled. So with all these challenges, e-commerce team, they decided to migrate their monolithic application to microservices network. They have issued lot of budget, and they also provided six months time to their technical team to convert this monolithic application into a microservices application. So let's see what the team has done. Like you can see here, the technical team, they have built this architecture. On the client side there will be a mobile application and a website which is built based upon latest UI stack like Angular or React. With this, both my mobile client and angular are react based web application. They can try to consume my Rest APIs or microservices. I don't have to write separate components one with Rest API and other one with MVC pattern. I can simply expose all my business logic with the help of Rest APIs, and that's why my client applications. They can communicate with my backend with the help of API gateway. All the microservices, including the API gateway, deployed with the help of containers on the backend. What the team has done is, they have separated all the modules into independent microservices like identity microservice, catalog microservice, order, invoice, sales, marketing microservice. So anyone who wants to communicate with my microservice, first they need to talk with my API gateway. Using API gateway, my client application, they can invoke my Rest APIs or microservices. And all these microservices, including API gateway is deployed as a Docker containers inside a Kubernetes cluster. So we are going to build something very similar to this inside this course. If you are not clear, don't worry. I'm going to discuss about all of them inside this course. If you see the beauty of this microservices implementation is, each microservice, they can have their own supporting database. They can follow their own programming language or framework, for example other microservices they are using NoSQL database because they need to store a lot of data and similar for invoice microservice, whereas catalog microservice they don't have to store a lot of data that's why they are going with RDBMS and sales, marketing microservice. They are following a Redis cache database based upon their business requirements. On top of this microservice and supporting databases, the team also implemented event streaming with the help of Event Bus like Kafka, RabbitMQ. So with these products you can implement event streaming. So whenever an authentication trying to happen, you can trigger an SMS to the customer for his OTP so that you can do asynchronously with the help of event streaming. And similarly, whenever an order is confirmed, you can send an SMS or email to the customer asynchronously with the help of event streaming. So this way, this e-commerce team, they are trying to get all the benefits with the help of these microservices architecture. Now this e-commerce organization, they can also have different agile teams, different scrum teams focusing on each of these microservices. And they can travel with their own enhancement lifecycle, with their own defects and with their own deployment lifecycle. So here you need to observe that sizing is very important. For some reason, if the e-commerce team, they have identified too many microservices, then it is going to be super, super operational overhead for them. That's why right sizing is different. Even whenever you are trying to migrate your existing monolithic application into a microservice architecture. With all these discussions, I'm assuming you are super clear about what is the importance of right sizing, what are the inputs and challenges that you need to consider while trying to right sizing your microservices? Thank you, bye.