When someone is looking to migrate their legacy or monolithic application into the latest microservices architecture, then there is a design pattern that people can follow. This design pattern is Strangler Fig pattern. So let's try to understand what is this pattern and how it is going to help the developers and organizations to migrate into the microservices architecture. Strangler fig pattern is a software migration pattern used to gradually replace or refactor a legacy system with a new system. In this pattern, what is going to happen ? The legacy application it is going to be replaced with a modern approach piece by piece, without disrupting the existing functionality. And here you might be wondering how this design pattern got this name, which is Strangler fig pattern. There is a very interesting story behind that. This pattern gets its name from the way a strangler fig plant grows around an existing tree by slowly replacing until the original tree is no longer needed. You can also see here I have mentioned the various stages of a strangler fig plant. This is how the strangler fig plant is going to look like. If you see just around the main tree. A new plant is trying to grow. When it grows fully, the original tree or the main tree, it is going to be completely replaced. Here in the very first stage you can see this is the original tree. To this original tree, a small plant started to grow on the sides and this small plant, it started growing onto the main tree itself. The new tree, it is trying to gradually grow and eventually only the new tree is going to be present. And the old tree, it is going to die or it is going to be completely replaced. The same strategy is organizations they are going to follow whenever they are trying to migrate their the legacy application into microservices. Usually following this pattern is strongly recommended if you are trying to modernize a large or complex legacy system. If your legacy system is very small, then there is no need to follow these strangler fig pattern only for the complex or large legacy systems. Only this pattern is recommended. You can also follow this pattern when you want to avoid the risk associated with a complete system rewrite or a big bang migration. What is a Big Bang migration? Suddenly, on a single day, you are going to migrate from legacy system to the new system. This kind of migration system will call them as Big Bang migration. There are certain risks if you try to follow the Big Bang migration by rewriting the entire legacy system. To avoid such risk, you can follow the Strangler fig pattern at last you can also consider this pattern when the legacy system needs to remain operational during the transition to the new system. I hope you got some gist of these strangler fig pattern. Let me show you an example so that it is going to be clear for you. As you can see here, initially there was a monolithic app. Just imagine this is a bank application, inside this bank application it supports functionalities around the cards, accounts and loans. Entire functionality is present inside these monolithic app. So what the development team they are going to do whenever they are following the strangler fig pattern is, first they are going to decide how to rightsize their microservice by following that domain driven design approach. As a next step, the legacy monolithic is carefully broken down into distinct domains, and services are gradually rewritten using newer technologies. As you can see here, the development team first, they have created an accounts microservice and the remaining functionality is still present inside the monolithic app. The remaining functionality is related to the cards and loans microservice. Once they feel everything around the accounts microservice is properly working in production. What they are going to do is, they are going to migrate the next component into the microservice. The next component is, cards here, once they satisfied with the deployment of cards and accounts microservice into the microservices environment, if they are happy with the results and the progress that they made, eventually they will try to migrate their loans as well. And towards the end stage you can see there is no monolithic app here. Because it is completely replaced with this approach developers team, they are going to get lot of benefits. The very first benefit is there is, very minimal risk associated with these migration. Since the development team, they are trying to migrate only a piece of component into microservices. If there are some issues, they should be easily handled and whatever learnings they have learned during the first migration, those learnings will be used while they are migrating other components. And the next advantage is this pattern chain allow the development team to migrate incrementally instead of going for the Big Bang migration. With the Big Bang migration, we'll have a lot of challenges. You can't roll back easily. And if there are any surprises, it's very hard to handle them for the development team. Whereas with the incremental migration, the development team will have enough opportunities to learn from their mistakes, to handle the issues and surprises. And the last advantage that developers they're going to get when they're following this pattern is, this pattern is going to help in performing testing and validations with greater efficiency. Since monolithic application is also going to be present inside this migration, they can always try to route the traffic between the microservices and legacy application. They can test by routing the traffic between the two components. If there are any issues, they can compare the results between the legacy and the microservices. For some reason, if the microservices is not working as expected, then they can try to navigate the 100% of the traffic to the monolithic application. Here, though, I'm trying to decrease the size of the monolithic app, but in reality, the accounts code and the cards code, it is going to still be present inside the monolithic app, but it will be in the dead state because there is no traffic is coming. But development team, like I said, they have flexibility. They can redirect 50-50% of the traffic between these two components. Once they are confident that microservices is working, they can send 100% of the traffic towards a microservice. Otherwise, they can roll back the traffic back to the monolithic application. Whenever someone is following this pattern, there are four different steps that they are going to follow. The very first one is Identification. As part of this identification process, they are going to identify how many microservices they need to do. Basically, they are going to perform the right sizing of the microservices by using the domain driven approach. The next stage is going to be the transformation where they are going to transform the components inside the legacy into the microservices. Once the transformation is successful. As you can see, both monolithic and microservices, they are going to be coexist. There will be a strangler facade introduced with the help of the strangler facade. The traffic between the legacy and the microservices can be handled. Usually this can be handled with the help of a API gateway. After the coexistence phase, at last, the elimination phase comes where they are going to completely eliminate the legacy application and the entire traffic will go to the microservices or the modern application. I hope you are clear with this pattern. Please make sure you are clear about this pattern because there is a very good chance inside the interviews, people may ask you around the migration. They can simply ask, how are you migrating your legacy into the microservice based application? The answer is very simple. You need to explain these Strangler fig pattern. Thank you and I'll catch you in the next lecture, bye.