In this lecture. We are going to talk about that. What is the motivation behind threads? So why do we need to deal with Multithreading at all? So first of all, programming languages are sequential by default. What does it mean? It means that they execute the commands and operations one by one on a line by line basis. So what does it mean exactly? If we have the first operation, then it is going to be executed. Then the next operation will be executed, then the third operation will be executed and so on. So these operations are going to be executed one by one. So for example, if we have the main method in Java and we have four method calls, first of all, we initializing the data structure, then we download data from the web, then we build a given modal, and then finally we make predictions. Then what's going to happen? Java is going to consider the main method and it is going to execute the methods one by one. First of all, it is going to initialize the arrays. After that, it is going to download data from the web. After that it is going to build the model and finally it is going to make predictions. So this is a sequential execution. So in a single threaded application, these operations are executed one after the other. You may guess that there is going to be some problem. So the problem is that time consuming operations may freeze the entire application. For example, when we try to download a huge data set from the web, if you are dealing with, for example, machine learning algorithms, then of course you have to wait for 10 to 20 minutes in order to download the given data that you are going to handle, which means that it is an extremely time consuming operation and it may freeze the entire application. So if we have just a single threaded application, then because Java executes the operations in a sequential manner, then essentially all the other operations have to wait for the download operation to be finished. And of course it means that the application freezes, The user doesn't know what's happening exactly. He or she has to wait for minutes to continue with the execution of the other operations. So this is why a single threaded application is not that practical. Okay, so the most crucial reason for multithreading and to use multiple threads in a given application is to separate multiple time consuming tasks. So tasks that might be subject to interference by the execution of other tasks. So for example, we have the application that runs on the user's computer and we want to download a huge data set. So let's assume that we are dealing with a stock market application and our application downloads the real time data from example from Yahoo Finance, and then it constructs time series models based on the dataset that's going to be downloaded. Of course, the problem that it takes 2-3 minutes to fetch the huge dataset from Yahoo Finance. So again, the application on the user's computer is going to freeze because the application on the user's computer has to wait for the data to be downloaded. And of course the solution is to use multithreading. So essentially we have to use a distinct thread for this time consuming operation. A good example is copying directories. For example, I'm going to copy a huge directory and as you can see during this procedure, the operating system doesn't freeze as you can see. So this is exactly why multithreading is extremely powerful, because here this operation as far as copying all the items are concerned, are handled by a different thread, which means that it is totally independent from the main thread. Of course it is just for demonstration purposes, so I'm not going to finish the operation. Okay. So multithreading is the ability of the central processing unit to execute multiple processes or threads simultaneously. You may pose the question that what are processes and what are threads? Both threads and processes are independent sequences of execution. Let's talk about them one by one. So first of all, there are processes. What is a process? A process is an instance of a program execution. So essentially this is a fundamental unit of work in our operating system. For example, when you open a given software such as Paint, Excel or Adobe Photoshop, for example, or a given web browser, these are distinct applications and the operating system is. Going to assign a distinct process to every single application. By the way, the operating system assigns distinct registers, stack memory and heap memory to every single process. So what does it mean exactly that we have the given process and within the given process, there are the registers, there is the so called stack memory, there is the so called heap memory and so on. So these resources are associated with the given process. By the way, in Java we can create processes with the help of the ProcessBuilder class. By the way, in the common line, if you run the command task list, then it's going to show all the operating system related processes. As you can see, one process for the common line itself. There are several processes for every single Chrome tab. I use several pages in Chrome, so that's why there are several Chrome.exe related processes, as you can see here as well. There's going to be a distinct process for Eclipse, I mean the integrated development environment for Java. So every single application you run, there's going to be a distinct process in the operating system. Every single process has a PID, so the process identification number, we can track the memory usage. As you can see, every single process uses some memory. So every single application and software is a distinct process. What's crucial that usually we are not dealing with processes because creating a new process is quite expensive in the sense that we have to allocate registers, we have to allocate stack memory and heap memory. And what's crucial that the processes within a given operating system form a directed graph in the sense that every single process has a so called parent process. So whenever we create a new process, then essentially we have to handle the parent process as well. So it is quite expensive to create a new process. But luckily there are the so called threads. A given thread is essentially a lightweight process. A thread is again a unit of execution, but what's crucial that threads exist within given processes. So a single process may contain one or more threads, and every single thread in a given process shares the memory and resources of that given process. And this is why programmers have to deal with concurrent programming. So what does it mean exactly that we have the given process with the given resources? This is what we have been talking about a few minutes earlier, that every single process has its own registers, stack memory and heap memory, and every single process may contain one or more threads. So we have the first thread, we have the second thread, we have the third thread, and we can create as many threads associated with a given process as we want. So why is it so powerful? Because creating new threads require fewer resources than creating new processes. You may guess that creating a new thread is quite easy because we don't have to deal with the parent of that given process. We don't have to allocate new registers. So this is why threads are so called lightweight processes. Creating a new thread is way more easier and require fewer resources than creating new processes. On the other hand, each thread in the process shares the stack memory, the heap memory and all the other resources. So this is why dealing with multiple threads is not that easy. Okay, so in this lecture we came to the conclusion that why is it so crucial to use multiple threads? Because we want to avoid our application to freeze. So this is why it is advisable to use multiple threads for time consuming operations. And then we came to the conclusion that because multiple threads exist within a given process and each thread in the process shares the memory, this is why we have to deal with concurrent programming, because of course the content of the memory, for example, may become inconsistent. The first thread can manipulate the memory, the second thread can manipulate the same memory location, the third thread can manipulate the same memory location and so on. So this is why we have to make sure that the data we are storing within a given process is going to be consistent. So this is why we have to deal with synchronization. This is why we have to deal with concurrent programming and so on. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about the time-slicing algorithm. Thanks for watching.