In the previous lecture, we have been talking about the fundamental basics of multithreading. We have been talking about processes and threads, and we came to the conclusion that there are multiple threads within a given application. So just for demonstration purposes, let's assume that we have multiple threads in our application and this is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture, that essentially we can create as many threads within a given process as we want. So in the generic case, let's assume that there are k number of threads in our application, and the good question is how the central processing unit is going to handle these threads? So how these threads are going to be executed? And the answer has something to do with the time-slicing algorithm. So somehow the single central processing unit has to deal with all the threads in the application, and one approach is to use the time slicing algorithm. What's extremely crucial that here we assumed that there is just a single processor. Of course, in modern computers there's a huge number of available CPUs. For example, on my machine I can run up to 18 threads at the same time. But in this case we assume that there is just a single processing unit, and this is called the time slicing algorithm that essentially the processing time for a single processor is shared among multiple processes or threads. Of course we are going to deal with threads, but what's crucial that multiple processes can be handled with the help of the time slicing algorithm as well. Of course we are going to focus on multithreading, so how to deal with multiple threads. So what is the time slicing algorithm? Essentially, if we assume that there are two threads in our application that has to be handled, then the single central processing unit is going to handle the first thread for a short amount of time. Then it will handle the second thread, then the first thread again, then the second thread, the first thread, the second thread and so on. So as you can see, while the central processing unit is executing the first thread, of course the other thread has to wait and vice versa while the central processing unit is executing the second thread. Of course the first thread has to wait. Okay, so this is the time slicing algorithm when the single processor handles thread 1 for a short amount of time, then thread 2 then thread 1 again and so on. Okay. So this is how multiple threads are handled with the help of a single processor. Usually modern computers have multiple processors or multiple processor cores, so when you run a multi threaded application, you may come to the conclusion that you end up with something like this. Essentially, both of the threads are executed at the same time. So when there are multiple processors or multiple processor cores, then all the threads can be executed in a parallel manner because the operating system is going to assign a distinct thread to every single central processing unit. And because there are multiple available processors in your machine, this is why all the threads are going to be executed at the same time. Essentially this is called parallelization. This is what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures. But what's crucial is that several students pose the question that despite the fact that they use multithreading, these threads are executed in parallel. And the answer is that you have multiple processor cores. So this is why if we have multiple processors, then sometimes the operating system doesn't need the time-slicing algorithm to handle these threads. So in this case, these threads are going to be executed at the same time simultaneously. If there are multiple threads, then the number of processors, then of course the time slicing algorithm is going to be used, which means that a given processor is going to handle multiple threads. So this is why the threads have to wait for each other. Okay, so this is the time-slicing algorithm. So how the processors are handling multiple threads at the same time. Thanks for watching.