In this lecture we are going to talk about the advantages of multithreading. So first of all this is what we have been talking about in the previous lectures. We can design more responsive applications which means that we can do several operations simultaneously. So this is exactly what we have been talking about that let's assume that we have a large application with several features. And these are time consuming operations such as downloading images from the web, such as input output operations such as copying files from a given directory to a destination folder, or, for example, doing heavy calculations such as simulations. So what is the solution? We can assign a distinct thread to every single time consuming operation, and these threads are going to be executed with the help of the time slicing algorithm. So what does it mean that essentially we don't have to wait for a given time consuming operation to finish? Because with the help of the time slicing algorithm, other operations can be executed as well. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture. So as you can see, we can execute three independent operations, three independent threads with the help of time slicing. For example, I have a huge file with all of my Udemy videos I can copy. And for example, I would like to copy the directory here. It's going to take approximately half an hour to copy all the video lectures. And because it is a so-called worker thread, as you can see, the operating system does not freeze in the sense that, for example, I am able to read a given algorithms and data structures related PDF. Meanwhile this copy operation is in progress. Okay, so this is the first crucial advantage of multi-threading. Another advantage is that we can achieve better resource utilization. For example CPU utilization. By default, every Java application is single threaded, which means that there is a single thread. So every operation has to wait for the other operations to be finished. This is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures, that if we have several methods such as initializing arrays, downloading data, build model and make predictions, then Java is going to execute these operations in a sequential manner. So first of all it will execute the initialized arrays method. Then it will download the data, then building the model and finally making predictions. So essentially every operation has to wait for the previous operations to be finished. Because by default the Java application is single threaded, we can utilize more CPU cores with the help of multiple threads that will improve performance. So we can utilize multiple CPU cores and run the threads in parallel. We are going to talk about parallelization in the coming chapters, and we will come to the conclusion that if we have multiple threads, then essentially the operating system is going to optimize these threads in the sense that if there are multiple central processing units, then every single thread will be executed on a distinct central processing unit. So this is what we have been talking about, that when there are multiple available processors, then there is no need for the time slicing algorithm and every single thread is going to be executed in parallel. Okay, so this is the huge advantage of multiple processors. But of course, if we want to take full advantage of multiple processors, then we have to deal with multiple threads because of course by default Java is not going to create multiple threads. Of course we have to create these threads explicitly okay. So these are the advantages of multi threading. Thanks for watching.