In this lecture, we are going to talk about the disadvantages of multithreading. So first of all, creating and using multiple threads is not always the best solution possible. So multithreading has several disadvantages as well. The first problem is that threads are manipulating data that are located on the same memory area because they belong to the same process. So this is what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that there may be multiple threads associated with a given process. The process itself has registers, stack memory, heap memory and so on, and all the threads are sharing these resources. And of course because they share the same memory area, this is why we have to deal with synchronization. This is what we are going to talk about in the coming lectures that we have to make sure that multiple threads are not going to manipulate the same data. Why? Because the data may become inconsistent if multiple threads are manipulating at the same time. And of course, synchronization is not that straightforward. So usually software engineers do not like synchronization and multithreading because it is not that easy. So this is the first disadvantage of multithreading. Another disadvantage is that it is not that easy to design and test multithreaded applications. So for example, if there is a bug in the multithreaded application, it is extremely hard to find out what is the problem exactly. By the way, we are going to talk about the fork-join framework and it is going to be a bit easier to design and test multithreaded applications. But anyways, multithreaded applications are hard to design and test and finally using multiple threads is expensive. So the central processing unit has to save local data such as the application pointer or for example, the memory location of the actual thread and has to load the other thread. So for example, when there are three threads that are executed by a single central processing unit, then every time there is a switch between the threads, the central processing unit has to save the actual thread and has to load the context of the next thread. Then again, then again, again, again. So this is why switching between threads is extremely expensive. Okay, so it is expensive to switch between multiple threads. This is why an algorithm may become too slow with multiple threads. For example, we will come to the conclusion that if we want to implement merge sort, then using multiple threads is a good idea. But there are other algorithms where using multiple threads is going to make the algorithm slower. So it is not always true that using multiple threads will decrease the running time. So you can take a look at the illustration and we can come to the conclusion that using multiple threads can be faster than just a single threaded application. So as you can see, just a few number of threads can decrease the running time, but if we use a huge number of threads, then the running time will increase dramatically. We can come to the conclusion that with the help of a huge number of threads, the running time will be slower than the standard single threaded application. So it is not a good idea to use a huge number of threads. A rule of thumb is that for small problems and small applications, it is unnecessary to use multiple threads. By the way, it is true for most of the algorithms, algorithms and data structures are designed to be sequential. There are some algorithms that can be run in parallel with multiple threads, such as, for example, merge sort or quicksort, but most of the algorithms are inherently sequential. Okay. So the rule of thumb is that with the help of just a few threads, usually we can decrease the running time, but using too many threads will increase the running time dramatically. Okay, that's all about the disadvantages. Thanks for watching.