In this lecture, we are going to talk about thread life cycles. So there are four lifecycle phases associated with a given thread. Of course, when we create a given thread, then this is the new state. And what's crucial that every single thread is in the new state. Until we call the START method explicitly, we are going to talk about the implementation in the coming chapters. So how to create a given thread. For example, as you can see, whenever we instantiate a new thread, the given threat will be in the new state. Okay, so this is the first state in a thread lifecycle. Then there is the so called active state. So whenever we call the START method on a given thread, then the thread is in the active state. And by the way, there are two sub-states, the vulnerable state and the running state. So as you can see, we can call the start method on the thread we have already instantiated, and this is when the thread will be in the active state. We have been talking about the time-slicing algorithm in the previous lectures and we came to the conclusion that there can be multiple threads the central processing unit has to handle. So this is why, despite the fact that the thread is in the active state, it may happen that the thread is not going to be executed immediately. This is when the thread is in the vulnerable state, which means that it can be executed by the central processing unit, but it is not handled at the moment because another threat is executed by the central processing unit. So this is the runnable state when the thread is ready to be executed. But because of the time-slicing algorithm, there may be other threads the central processing unit has to handle. And whenever the central processing unit runs that given thread, this is the so called running state. Okay, So that's all about the active state. Then there is the so called block or waiting state. Whenever we call the join method, we are going to talk about it in the coming lectures or whenever we call the sleep method or the wait method. Essentially when a thread has to wait for another thread to finish, this is the so called block or waiting state. By the way, it is crucial that in this case the thread doesn't need any CPU cycles, so essentially it is waiting and the threads scheduler is going to notify this thread that it can continue with the execution of the given task. We are going to talk about the thread scheduler in one of the coming lectures and it is going to be clear. Okay, so this is the block or the waiting state when a given thread is waiting for another thread to finish or the thread is waiting for the thread scheduler itself. We are going to talk about it later. By the way, as you may guess that an active thread can become blocked and vice versa. A blocked thread can become active again. We are going to talk about the producer consumer method with the help of wait and notify. And this is exactly what's going to happen. One of the threads is active, another thread is waiting. Then the first thread will wait and the other thread will be active and so on. So this is crucial that these lifecycle phases can change. And finally there is the terminated state when the given thread has finished its task. So we are going to talk about the implementations in the coming lectures. But what's crucial that we assign a given task to every single thread and whenever the thread finishes with that given task, this is when the thread will become terminated. Okay, so these are the thread lifecycle phases. Thanks for watching.