In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about how to make collections threadsafe. So I'm not sure whether you are familiar with the collections framework. By the way, I have a distinct course on this topic, but anyways, there are several data structures present in the collections framework. The original Collections framework was designed and developed mainly by Joshua Bloch and it was introduced back in the Java development kit 1.2. And you may pose the question that, okay, why is it good to use the built in data structures of the collections framework? And the crucial advantage is that we don't have to implement every single algorithm and data structure from scratch. I'm not sure whether you have tried to implement, for example, a red black tree or a hash table from scratch, but it is not that obvious how to implement them. So the first advantage is that it is already implemented. And the second advantage is that these collections have been tested. So we can take it for granted that these data structures and collections are going to work just fine. Okay. There are several interfaces such as iterable collection, list, queue set, duck and sorted set and there are the concrete implementations, array lists, stack, priority queue, hashset and so on. So what's crucial that we have the collection interface that extends the iterable interface. Because of the iterable interface, we are able to consider the items of the underlying data structure with the help of for each loop and with the help of iterators. And there are three crucial interfaces, list, queue and set. These interfaces extends the collection interface. As far as list is concerned, we can store items in an underlying one dimensional array with the help of array lists, or we can use linked lists. By the way, vectors and stacks are also implementing the list interface. Then we have the queue interface such as priority queue and array deck. Array deck implements the duck interface and the duck interface is extending the queue interface. So this is why array deck is a queue and there are sets such as hash set linked, hash set and tree set. What we show that we have hash tables, hash maps, linked hash maps and tree maps, but these are not implementing the collection interface. So these are implementing the map interface or the sorted map interface. As you can see, we have the hash map and linked hash map data structure with an underlying one dimensional array and the hash function. And we have the red black tree related tree map implementation. Okay, so this is how we can store key value pairs and this is how we can store scalar values as far as collections are concerned. And what's crucial that most of these data structures are not thread safe. What does it mean exactly that if we want to use these data structures in a multi-threaded environment, then it is not going to work. Fine. We are going to end up with inconsistent states. Of course there are some thread safe data structures such as the vector clause. So the vector clause is thread safe by default, and because the stack extends the vector clause, this is why stacks are thread safe as well and hash tables are built in thread safe data structures. Again, the main problem with hash table is that it is not synchronized in the best way possible. So this is why nowadays we don't use hash tables at all. We use concurrent hash maps. So we are going to talk about concurrent collections. But first of all, I just wanted to tell a few words about the standard collections framework. So the problem with the standard Collections framework is that most of the underlying data structures are not synchronized. In the next lecture, we are going to talk about how to make these data structures synchronized with the help of collections dot synchronize method. And then we are going to talk about what is the main problem with this synchronization. And finally, we are going to talk about the state of the art approaches as far as concurrent collections are concerned. Thanks for watching.