In this lecture we are going to talk about countdown latches. But first we have to understand that why do we need it. So this is why. First let's talk about joining threads. This is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures, that when we create a thread or multiple threads manually and we want to wait for that thread to finish execution, then we have to call the join method. And the join method blocks the actual thread until another thread finishes execution. So we can create threads manually. We can start these threads and then we can wait for these threads to finish execution. But of course there are several problems with this approach. First of all, usually in real world applications, threads are created dynamically. So we don't know at compile time that how many threads we want to create. So we want to instantiate and create these threads dynamically, usually with thread pools and with the executor service interface. And then we want one thread to wait for many without tracking individual threads. So if we create threads manually it is working fine. But usually this is not how we create threads in real world applications. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous chapter with executor services that usually we want to create a fixed thread pool with some predefined number of threads, and then the executor service can handle everything related to these threads. It assigns tasks to the underlying threads. It may happen that the executor service creates new threads accordingly, or it removes idle threads from the thread pool. So there is a dynamic meek behavior that we cannot handle with manually creating threads and calling the join method. Then if we create these threads manually, then essentially we have to keep track every single thread one by one. We have to instantiate these threads and we have to store the references because this is how we can start and join them accordingly. So with the standard approach, if we want to wait for thread completion, we need to store all thread references. And this is exactly why the Countdownlatch implementation came to be, because it introduces decoupling task coordination. So Countdownlatch solves the previous problems by decoupling task coordination from thread tracking. The main thread doesn't need to know or track threads at all, and it is extremely crucial because when we create and handle Threads via executor services. Usually we don't know about the underlying threads one by one, so we don't care about the references, but there is no need to do so because the executor service handles everything and the main thread doesn't need to know or track threads at all. We are going to get back to this point later. So the final conclusion is that instead of creating threads manually starting and joining these threads, thread pools are way more convenient and we can use countdown latches in combination with thread pools. So a countdown latch is a synchronization aid in Java util concurrent package. It lets one or more threads wait until a set of operations being performed in other threads complete. So this is why we have been talking about joining threads, because essentially it is exactly the same. We want to wait until a set of operations are performed in other threads, until operations that are executed in other threads are complete. By the way, this is very similar to the following situation. Imagine a race where the referee won't start the final race until all runners are ready at the starting line. Each runner signals they are ready by counting down when all runners are ready, so the count is equal to zero. The race starts. So by using the Countdownlatch, we can cause a thread to block until other threads have completed a given task. A countdownlatch has an internal counter which can be decremented by calling countdown method as needed. It can be used to block a calling thread until the counter reaches zero, and if we were performing parallel processing, we could instantiate the Countdownlatch with a counter value equal to the number of threads we want to run in parallel, and then we could just call countdown after each thread finishes, guaranteeing that the dependent thread calling await will block until the worker threads are finished. Let's take a look at a concrete example and this is going to be clear. Let's assume that we have a main thread, and in the main thread we create a countdownlatch and we call the await method, which means that the main thread waits for other worker threads to finish execution. And when a worker thread finishes execution. So essentially it finishes all the tasks that are associated with that thread it calls countdown. And when all the worker threads has called the countdown method, this is when the count variable in the countdownlatch is equals to zero, which means that the main thread do not have to wait anymore and it can continue with the execution. So when we call await on the countdownlatch, the calling thread goes into a waiting state like wait in traditional Java concurrency. Then each time a worker thread calls countdown, the internal counter decreases by one, and finally, when the counter reaches zero, the latch releases. All threads waiting inside await, allowing them to proceed. So we can come to the conclusion that essentially thread dot, join and countdown latches solve the exact same problem. We can wait for threads to finish execution. Countdownlatch is way more powerful because with the join method we must join every single thread manually, while on the other hand we can call just a single oh eight method on the countdownlatch to achieve the same goal. We can use countdown latches with executor services, and of course it is not possible to do so when we call the join method manually, because when we call the join method manually, it means that we handle the thread related problems manually, so there is no need for the executor service. Then the thread join is not reusable for coordination. On the other hand, Countdownlatch is way more flexible and Countdownlatch introduces decoupling in the sense that there is a clean separation of weight and count logic. And this is not the case with the standard thread join approach. So Countdownlatch is way more flexible and we can use it with executor services. That is an extremely powerful feature. Anyways, that's all about the theoretical background. Of course, as usual you can check the documentation at oracle.com. There are several useful articles and this is the case when dealing with countdown latches. So as you can see, it is a synchronization aid that allows one or more threads to wait until a set of operations being performed in other threads completes. Okay, so there are several examples so you can check the documentation. So let's take a look at a concrete example. Let's assume that we have a distinct class for example worker. Of course it implements the runnable interface. These workers are going to be executed independently. So we are going to assign a distinct thread to every single worker. And of course we have to make sure that there are no typos. And after that of course we have to add the unimplemented run method. So first of all let's create private field variables such as the integer id. And of course we are going to have the countdownlatch. So count down latch as the latch. So what do we have to do? Of course we have to import java.util.concurrent related countdownlatch. And of course we have to define a constructor. So worker with integer id and we have the countdownlatch. So this is what we will delegate from outside. this.id is equals to the id. This dot latch is equals to the latch. And then in the run method what do we have to do. First of all we have to do some work. And after doing the work we have to call latch dot countdown. And if we take a look at the documentation of countdown it decrements the count of the latch, releasing all waiting threads if the count reaches zero. So every thread is going to decrement the counter of the latch by one. And in this case, of course, we are going to do some work just for demonstration purposes. We are going to sleep for 2000 milliseconds or 2 seconds. So first of all, let's surround it with try catch and let's print out. So System.out.println. That thread with I'd and we concatenate this.id starts working okay. So this is the worker class. And as far as the main method is concerned what do we have to do. We have to create a countdownlatch. So we have the latch is equals to a new countdownlatch. And here what do we have to do. We have to define the counter. In this case we are going to use five as the value of the counter. Then we create an executor service as the service which is equal to the executors new single thread executor. So we will have just a single thread in this case. So let's import Java.util.concurrent executor service. and then we have to iterate through integer I is equals to zero, I is less than five I plus plus. And then we have to use the executor service dot execute. Of course it is waiting for a runnable. And because the worker class implements the runnable interface we can do it without any problem. We have is the id. And of course we have to define the latch. Okay. And just for demonstration purposes we can call latch dot await. What does it mean. First of all we have to surround it with try catch because it throws an interruptedexception. And if you check the documentation latch dot await causes the current thread to wait until the latch has counted down to zero. In this case, because the value of the counter is initialized to be five in every single iteration. So every single worker is going to decrement the value of this counter. So after five iterations, after five times, the run method has been called with the do work and let countdown. This is how a worker can decrement the value of the counter of the countdownlatch until the counter is not equals to zero. This thread is going to wait. If the counter becomes zero, then the execution of the application continues, which means that we can print out that. System.out.println. All tasks have been finished and of course usually we shut down the executor service. So service dot shutdown. So with the help of this shutdown we can make sure that previously submitted tasks are executed but no new task will be accepted. Okay, so if we save and run the application then what's going to happen? Thread with zero starts working. Then One, two, three, then four. And finally all tasks have been finished. So as you can see, the Java application is going to wait here. Why? Because the value of the counter is not equals to zero every time a worker calls the countdown method, this is when the value of the counter decrements by one. So this is why we have to wait for the five workers. And after that we can continue with the execution of the application. Of course, you may pose the question that what if we have a counter with higher value than the number of tasks? Then of course our application will freeze in the sense that we have the id zero thread thread with id one, two, three, and finally four. And because there are no more workers, Java is going to freeze in the sense that the application is not able to continue with the execution because the Countdownlatch related counter is not zero, which means that it is going to wait for the counter to become zero. But of course, because there are no more workers, that's going to decrement the value of the counter with the countdown method. This is why the application will freeze. So usually the counter value is either smaller or equal to the number of tasks we would like to execute. So this is why if we have five tasks then of course we have to set the counter to be five. So if we do something like this then it is going to work fine. We have the first worker, second worker, third worker, fourth worker and the last worker. And after that the application can continue with the execution, which means that it prints out all tasks have been finished and we shut down the executor service. Okay. So this is how we can wait for given tasks to be finished with the help of countdown latches. Thanks for watching.