In the previous lecture, we have been talking about countdown latches, and in this lecture we are going to talk about something very, very similar the so-called cyclic barriers. So in the previous lecture we have came to the conclusion that we can use latches in order to make sure that a single thread waits for other threads to finish with their operations. So if we check the implementation, this is exactly what we have implemented in the previous lecture. As you can see, we have implemented a worker that implements the runnable interface, which means that every single worker is an independent thread. And just for demonstration purposes, we are sleeping for 2000 milliseconds or 2 seconds and then we can call the latch. Oh wait, which means that the countdown latch is going to wait for five threads to call the countdown method. And whenever the integer counter we have defined when instantiated, the countdown latch is equals to zero. This is when Java will execute other parts of the application. Until then, Java is going to wait for the threads to finish with the execution. So in this case the main thread is waiting for five other threads. So this is why I have told you that when dealing with latches, a single thread is waiting for other threads. When dealing with cyclic barriers, multiple threads can wait for each other. So this is the crucial difference between the countdownlatch and cyclic barrier. By the way. The second difference is that we can reuse cyclic barriers, while on the other hand we cannot reuse latches. So cyclic barrier is used in situations where you want to create a group of tasks to perform work in a concurrent manner, and you want to make sure to wait until they are all finished before moving on to the next step. So for example, if you have an application and you have tasks that are depending on each other. For example, you are downloading several data sets from the web. And of course, until these data sets are not downloaded, you are not able to build the model. You are not able to normalize the data set, you are not able to remove invalid values and so on. So you have to wait for every single data set to be downloaded. So this is when a cyclic barrier can prove to be extremely useful. When multiple threads can wait for every single operation to be finished. In this case the operations are the downloading operations. It is very similar to join method. Using the cyclic barrier is very similar to using the join method. And of course they are very very similar to countdown latches. Countdownlatch is a one shot event, while on the other hand cyclic barriers can be reused over and over again. Cyclic barrier has a barrier action, a runnable interface that will be run automatically when the count reaches zero. This is one of the fundamental advantages of cyclic barriers. So whenever we instantiate a cyclic barrier, we have to define the number of threads. It is called the number of parties. These are the threads that will wait for each other to finish with their operations. And of course, the crucial difference is that we can reuse cyclic barriers, while on the other hand we are not able to reuse countdown latches. So let's take a look at a concrete example and it is going to be clear. So first of all let's create a class for the worker. As usual we have the worker that implements the runnable interface. So of course we have to add the unimplemented run method. And what do we have to do. Of course we have to define several field variables such as the integer id. Then we are going to generate random numbers. So let's import java.util.random okay. And of course we have to store a reference to the cyclic barrier. So we have something like this. We have the barrier. And of course sorry for that because the class name is cyclic barrier. Let's rename it to cyclic barrier. Example just to avoid confusion. So refactor and rename for cyclic barrier example because otherwise we are not able to import the cyclic barrier. So as you can see we have to import the Java.util.concurrent related cyclic barrier. And of course the worker class is already defined in the latch class. So here we are going to define the barrier worker just for demonstration purposes. So if we do something like this it is going to work just fine. We have to define the constructor. So public barrier worker we have to define an ID. And of course we have to define the barrier itself. So what do we have to do. Of course we have to set the ID to be the ID then of course we have to instantiate the random. So the random is a new random. This is how we will generate pseudo random numbers. And of course we have to set the barrier. So this dot barrier is equals to the barrier. So this is the instance we get from the main method. As far as the run method is concerned we create a do work as usual. So we have to make sure that we create the private void Dowork method. Just for demonstration purposes we print out. So System.out.print line that thread with I'd and we concatenate this.id starts the work something like this. Then of course we will sleep. So thread dot sleep for a random next integer. And for example, we will generate a random integer within the range zero and 3000, which means that the given worker will sleep for a random amount of time between 0 and 3 seconds. And of course, we have to surround it with try catch because it throws an interruptedexception. And what's crucial that we can call the barrier dot await. So in this case we don't have a countdown method as we have seen with Countdownlatch, but we have the await method. And of course, if we define a cyclic barrier with n as the integer so-called number of parties value, then of course we have to call await method n times in order to make sure that the threads will continue with their execution. Of course, we have to surround it with try catch because it can throw an interruptedexception as well as a broken barrier exception. Okay, and just for demonstration purposes it is going to be fine. So in the main method, first of all, let's create an executor service as the service is executor. New fixed thread pool with five threads. So we create five threads. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to import Java.util.concurrent executor service and we have to import executors as well. And then we have to instantiate a new cyclic barrier as the barrier. New cyclic barrier. We can define the number of parties, which is essentially the number of threads we are dealing with. And then we can define a runnable interface. This is exactly what we have defined a few minutes earlier. Cyclic barrier has a barrier action a runnable that will run automatically when the count reaches zero. So after five threads has called the await method, this is when this runnable will be executed automatically. So here we print out, just for demonstration purposes, that all tasks have been finished. Okay. And then we iterate through. For integer I equals to zero I is less than five. So we have created five threads. So this is why we will do something like this. Plus plus I okay. And we just have to use the service dot execute new barrier worker with index. For example I plus one. We would like to make sure that indices starts with one and not with zero. And then we have to define the barrier. So this is why we have defined the constructor like this. We have an ID and we have a cyclic barrier. And after that we have to make sure that we shut down the executor service. So if we save and run the application then what's going to happen. As you can see thread with ID one starts the work thread with ID four stars, the work ID five, ID three and ID two. And then these threads are waiting for each other to finish with the execution. Let's talk about the notations. In this case this five is the number of parties or the number of threads we are dealing with. And whenever all the threads call await, this is the situation when all the threads call all eight as many times as the number of parties we have defined here. This is when the barrier is broken, and of course it means that the threads can execute other tasks. So what does it mean that after the barrier dot await, we can print out just for demonstration purposes that after the await. So if we do something like this We save and rerun the application and what's going to happen. Thread ID one starts working ID for ID three, two and five. All the tasks have been finished and then as you can see, Java is going to execute other parts of the given thread. Here the thread is waiting and after all the threads have been finished, it is going to continue with the execution of the given method after the await method. And of course it is called as many times as the number of threads we are dealing with. So this is why I have told you that we can use cyclic barriers in order to make sure that multiple threads will wait for each other. In this case, all the threads are waiting for all the other threads to finish with the execution when all the threads has called await. This is when cyclic barrier related runnable is executed. So all tasks have been finished and after that all the threads can continue with the execution of the given task. In this case, we just print out that after the await method. Okay. And the crucial difference is that we can reuse cyclic barriers as many times as we want, but we are not able to reuse latches. You may pose the question that when to use reset whenever a single thread or multiple threads are waiting for other threads to finish with the execution. So whenever they are in the waiting state and we call the cyclic barrier reset, this is when the broken barrier exception will be thrown. And of course we would like to avoid it. So usually we don't call reset explicitly. We are waiting for the threads to finish with the execution. And then we can reuse cyclic barriers as many times as we want. We just have to create an executor service. We can instantiate a new barrier worker with the barrier and it is going to work just fine. So just to summarize the difference between cyclic barriers and countdown latches. First of all, a cyclic barrier waits for each other, so multiple threads synchronize at a barrier, while on the other hand, the countdown latch wait for the others to finish. So the main thread waits for the worker threads. Cyclic barriers are reusable, while on the other hand countdown latches are for one time use. There is a callback support with the runnable interface in the cyclic barrier implementation. And of course it is not possible with Countdownlatch. And finally, all the threads have to wait when dealing with cyclic barriers. On the other hand, typically one thread calls. Wait, so essentially just a single thread waits for all the others when dealing with countdown latches. So these are the crucial differences between cyclic barrier and countdown latches. Thanks for watching.