In the coming lectures we are going to talk about blocking, cuz a blocking queue is a thread safe queue that is part of the java.util.concurrent package and is widely used in producer consumer scenarios. We will come to the conclusion that usually it is blocked when you try to take from an empty queue. So the thread has to wait and it is blocked when you try to put into a full queue. So if it is unbounded the thread has to wait. We are going to talk about it later. There are several implementations because as you may guess, blocking queue is the interface and there are several implementations such as array blocking queues. When we implement it with the help of a one dimensional array, we can use a linked list implementation. This is the so-called linked blocking queue. And then there is the priority blocking queue. There are other not that popular implementations as well. First of all, let's talk about array blocking. Cuz as the name suggests, there is a one dimensional array as the underlying data structure where we store the items, in this case integers. But of course we can store strings, floating point values, or custom objects. And of course, let's assume that there are multiple threads that try to manipulate the same one dimensional array, because array blocking queue is synchronized by default. This is why if the first thread tries to insert or remove a given item, then it gets the underlying lock, which means that other threads has to wait. So for example, if the second thread tries to get a given item or insert a given item, then it has no other option but to wait. And when the first thread releases the lock, then the second thread is able to acquire that lock without any problem. So in this case, it is crucial that there is just a single lock that can be acquired by a single thread at a given time. What does it mean that if a thread acquired that given lock, then all the other threads has to wait, despite the fact that they want to execute totally independent operations? Okay, so this is the final conclusion that there is just a single lock associated with an array blocking queue. So array blocking queues use a fixed size array under the hood to store elements, and there is no dynamic resizing happens under the hood. It maintains an index for the head that is the next item to remove and an index for the tail that is the next slot where we insert the new items. So there is an index pointing to the next item to be removed. This is the head and there is a tail that is pointing to the next available slot. Where to insert the next item? So when we are dealing with a queue abstract data type. Essentially we need somewhere to insert a given item, and somewhere from where we remove the next item we need to locations. First of all, from where we get a given item. So this is when we remove the next item and location to where we insert the next item. So this is exactly what's happening here. What's crucial that we do not shift items like with standard one dimensional arrays. So it is more or less like a circular buffer array blocking queue uses a single lock for all operations, so threads must wait even if they are doing independent things. This is exactly what we discussed a few minutes earlier. Of course, it can limit performance under high concurrency, but it is more memory efficient and predictable, making it suitable for certain real time or memory sensitive applications. So whenever we instantiate a new array blocking queue, essentially there are two parameters to define. We can define the capacity essentially the size of the underlying one dimensional array. And what's crucial that we cannot change the size of the underlying one dimensional array. This is exactly why a thread is blocked when it tries to insert a new item into a full array blocking queue. And of course, it is blocked when it tries to take an item from an empty array blocking queue because the size of the underlying array cannot be updated. And what's crucial that array blocking queue uses a re-entrant look under the hood. So this is why we need the second parameter, whether the look is fair. So the value is true or false if the lock is not fair. This is exactly what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures, that if the re-entrant lock is fair, which means that the boolean value is true, it means that if multiple threads are waiting to acquire the lock, the longest waiting thread will acquire that lock eventually. So essentially there is no threat starvation. So essentially the lock uses a Fifo ordering. Threads acquire the lock in the order they requested it. And if this fair parameter is false, this is the default option. Threads may acquire the lock out of order, which increases throughput but may starve some threads. Okay, so let's take a look at how to use the array blocking queue in Java. Okay. So first of all let's create the class. The first worker that implements the runnable interface. As usual. Of course we have to override the unimplemented run method, and of course we will store a reference to a blocking queue. And of course it is generic. So we have to define the type we are going to store integers in the queue. So what do we have to do. Of course we have to import Java.util.concurrent blocking queue. Then in the constructor. So public first worker we are going to get the blocking queue. That's going to store integers as the queue. And we just have to set this queue is equals to the queue. And as far as the run method is concerned the first worker is going to insert items into the data structure. So we have the counter initialized to be zero. And while true we will create an infinite loop. What do we have to do. We have to insert. So queue dot. Put the given integer. So the counter of course we have to surround it with try catch because it may throw interruptedexception. After inserting the item into the queue, we have to increment the value by one and then let's sleep for ten milliseconds, for example. And of course, just for demonstration purposes, let's print out so system.out and println that putting item into the queue. And we can append the actual value of the counter. Of course we will create another thread. So I will copy and paste it because it is going to be very very similar. Of course it is the second worker that implements the runnable interface that gets the blocking queue. And we set the queue to be the blocking queue. Here we don't have to define the counter because we are going to take the values from the queue. So we call the take method. And of course we will get the value of the counter. We print out that taking item from the queue and we print out the value of the counter. Of course, we don't have to increment the counter and we are going to sleep for 300 milliseconds. Sorry for that. So let's sleep for 100 milliseconds whenever we insert items into the queue and let's sleep for 300 milliseconds. What does it mean that we are going to insert items more frequently than taking items? So there's going to be more and more items in the data structure. Okay, so in the main method we have to create a blocking queue. Of course we are dealing with integers. This is the queue. And of course this is an interface. So we have to find an implementation. And the array blocking queue is going to be just fine. Of course the underlying data structure is a one dimensional array. So let's import array blocking queue. So java.util.concurrent array blocking queue. And of course we have to define that how many items we want to store. In this case we are storing up to ten items in the underlying data structure. Then we instantiate the first worker. So first worker is equals to a first worker. Of course we have to define the queue. So this is the first worker. Then we have to do approximately the same for the second worker. This is the second worker. And we have the instantiated second worker. Then of course we create a distinct thread for the first worker. Because it implements the runnable interface. We can start it without any problem. And of course we will run the second worker in a distinct thread as well. So the first thread keeps inserting items into the array blocking queue, and the second thread keeps removing items from the array blocking queue. Okay, so let's save and let's see whether it is working fine or not. So if we run the algorithm then this is what's going to happen. As you can see, the first thread keeps putting items into the queue. The second thread keeps removing items from the queue. And of course, the number of items that are stored in the array blocking queue cannot be larger than ten. Of course, here we are dealing with the counter values that are being incremented, but of course items are being removed as well. So all together they are going to be fewer items than ten. And of course if the array blocking queue is full, then of course the first thread is not able to insert any more items. So for example, if we remove items after every three seconds, then of course the first thread will have to wait in order to insert a new item. So if we save and run the application, then as you can see the first thread is waiting for the second thread to remove a given item and as you can see, the algorithm gets quite slow. On the other hand, if the first thread is slower so we have to wait for three seconds to insert a given item and the second thread will remove an item after every hundred milliseconds. Then of course, if we rerun the application, then the second thread will have to wait a lot for the first thread to insert the given item that's going to be removed. So in this case the first thread is slower, the second thread is faster. Okay, so this is how we can use an array blocking queue. And as you can see it is quite convenient to use these kinds of synchronized data structures because we don't have to deal with synchronization. We don't have to deal with synchronized blocks. We don't have to deal with locking. We don't have to deal with thread starvation. Everything is handled by Java under the hood. Okay, so that's all about blocking queues. Thanks for watching.