In the previous lecture we have been talking about array blocking queue. And in this lecture we are going to talk about another implementation of the blocking queue interface, the so-called linked blocking queue. First of all, let's talk about an extremely crucial point when dealing with linked blocking queues. When we instantiate a linked blocking queue, we can define a capacity that is going to be the size of the underlying data structure. So in this case the linked blocking queue is bounded. But what's crucial that we can create an unbounded queue. So if we instantiate a new linked blocking queue like this without specifying the capacity, we end up with an unbounded queue where we can store more or less infinite number of items. Of course it is not true, as you may guess, because if we do not specify the capacity, it uses integer maximum value as the upper bound. But of course it is extremely large. So of course we will run out of memory before reaching this threshold. And by the way, this is the first conclusion that we have to be very careful how to instantiate a link blocking queue, because with unbounded queue, it is quite easy to run out of memory. By the way, the underlying data structure, as the name suggests, is a linked list data structure. So there are the nodes and every single node contains the item that we store, and it stores a reference pointing to the next node in the linked list data structure. And of course, the last node is pointing to a null value. What's crucial that the take method removes an item from the head of the queue? So the first item is the head of the queue. And of course we have the tail of the queue. Whenever we insert a given item, then this is the node that we have to update. And this is exactly why we have two references one reference pointing to the head, so to the first node and one reference pointing to the last node, because these are the nodes that we have to update. So we have the take method when we remove a given item, and we have a put method when we insert a new item into the underlying data structure. And what's crucial that there is an independent look for both of these operations. In the previous lecture we have been talking about array blocking queues, and we came to the conclusion that there is just a single re-entrant look under the hood. So no matter that we insert or we remove an item with two independent threads, these threads have to wait for each other to finish execution. Here it is crucial that we are dealing with two independent blocks. What does it mean that a thread can execute the take method, while another thread can execute the put method without any problem because they use different locks? Okay, so this is the fundamental difference between the two approaches. So it uses two separate locks, one for insertion and one for the remove operation. This is a key feature of link blocking queues, and the producer and consumer can operate on the queue at the same time without blocking each other. And finally, I would like to tell a few words about when to use array blocking queues and when to use linked blocking queues. The first crucial difference, as we have discussed earlier, that if we want to introduce fairness, which means that we want to make sure that there is no thread starvation, which means that the longest waiting thread will acquire the lock eventually. Then we have to use array blocking queues because we have control whether the underlying lock is fair or not. On the other hand, linked blocking queues are not fair by default. So let's take a look at the requirements and what is the recommended implementation accordingly. If we are after unbounded or growing queue, then of course we can use link blocking queue because we can create unbounded data structures. Of course, if we need a fixed size queue with high throughput, then array blocking queue is better. And by the way, despite the fact that link blocking queues have two independent clocks and array blocking queues have just a single re-entrant look under the hood array blocking queues are faster, usually because of cache locality. So the items are located right next to each other in the memory, which means that it is easier to cache these items. It is not the case with link blocking queues, where the nodes are located in different parts of the memory. Then if there is a lower garbage collection pressure needed, then of course array blocking queue is better. If we need more flexible concurrency because of multiple locks, then of course we have to use link blocking queues. And if we know the capacity and we are after a simple structure, then we should use array blocking cues. So let's take a look at a concrete example for blocking cue. So just for demonstration purposes we create a link blocking cue. And I store strings. This is the cue of course we can instantiate as a link blocking cue. And we can define the capacity. So if we define ten then as you can see it is a bounded queue that can store up to ten items. If we do not specify the capacity, this is an unbounded queue that can store an extremely large number of items. And what I can do is that I can define a runnable interface. This is the producer and we can use lambda expressions. So something like this. And here we can define the behavior. And what I want to do is that I define an I variable with initial value zero. And while true so I create an infinite loop. We have a string that is item. And then we append the counter. Then we use q dot put. This is how we can insert that given value. And of course we have to use a try catch block. So what I do is that I create a try catch block here. And I catch all interrupted exceptions. And if there is an interrupted exception I print the stack trace accordingly. And within the try catch block we create the I variable and the while loop itself. Okay. So this put method is synchronized by default. And there is a reentrant lock associated with this method. Then we print out that produced and we append the item that we created. And of course we increment the value of the counter by one. By the way we can do something like this. It is not that straightforward what's happening. But essentially we append the value of I and then we increment it by one. Okay. And then we sleep. So thread dot sleep for 500 milliseconds. And then we create another runnable interface. So a lambda expression. Essentially for the consumer we use a try catch block. And we use an infinite while loop. But we don't need the I variable here. First we take the item. So what do we have to do. We have to call the take method. And this take method is synchronized as well. And there is an independent lock associated with this method. So this take method and the put method are independent of each other. They use independent locks. This is exactly what we have discussed in the previous lectures. So essentially the first thread can call the take method without any problem. And the second thread can call the put method independently because the threads are synchronized on different locks. Then of course there is no need to insert the item because we take it from the queue and then we print out consumed, and we print out the value that we take from the queue, and then we sleep for 1000 milliseconds. So what does it mean that the consumers thread is slower than the producer thread? So what do we have to do? Of course we have to create a new thread. We have to use the producer and then we have to call the start method. Then we instantiate a new thread with the consumer. And then we call the start method accordingly. So this is how we assign an independent thread to the producer and another independent thread to the consumer. But of course because they acquire different locks. So the put method is locking on the first lock and the take method is locking on the second lock. There is no problem at all. So if I save and run the application then as you can see it is working fine. We produced item zero, then we consume item zero. We produce item one, then we consume item one. And by the way, if we make sure that the consumer is way slower and let's assume that we use a bounded link blocking queue. So for example we can store up to five items so the capacity is five. Then if I save it then first we produce all the items. But the producer has to wait for the consumer to remove a given item to be able to add the next item possible. And then it has to wait for the consumer again. So there is a maximum capacity. So essentially the size of the underlying data structure is limited. So it is not possible to insert an arbitrary number of items. So this is the main advantage of the link blocking queue that it may be bounded when we define the capacity or unbounded, which means that we can store an arbitrary number of items. That's all about link blocking queue. Thanks for watching.