In this lecture we are going to talk about delay cues. In the previous lecture we have been talking about array blocking cues. We came to the conclusion that array blocking queue is an implementation of the blocking queue interface. And in this lecture we are going to talk about delay queues. That is another implementation of the blocking queue interface. So first of all delay queue is an unbounded blocking queue of objects that implement the delayed interface. Delay queue keeps the elements internally until a certain delay has expired. And of course, the object can be taken from the queue when its delay has expired. What's crucial? That we cannot place null items in the queue and the queue is sorted so that the object at the head has a delay that has expired for the longest time. We are going to see during illustration, and it is going to be clear. If no delay has expired, then there is no head element, so the pull method will return a null. And of course, we can call the size method that returns the count of both expired and unexpired items. So it is crucial that the size method doesn't return with the unexpired items exclusively. It is going to return with both the number of expired and the number of unexpired items as well. So let's create a class for a delay worker. So we have the delay worker that implements the delayed interface. This is exactly what we have been talking about that we have the delayed interface. So we have to import the java.util.concurrent dot delayed. So what do we have to do. We have to add unimplemented methods. We have two methods. We have to deal with the get delay method and the Compareto method. First of all let's create field variables. And then we are going to talk about these methods on a one by one basis. So first of all we have a long duration. Duration is going to define the time the given delay worker will be delayed before we can access it with the help of the pull method. So, as you can see, every single item in the delay queue has a so-called delay parameter and we are not able to access the items that are not expired. So with the help of this duration, we can define the time we have to wait until we can get the item from the blocking queue. And of course we have a given message. So we have a string message. This is the message we are going to return after waiting as many milliseconds as we have defined with the duration variable. So as far as the public constructor is concerned, we have a string message and we have a long duration. So long duration. So what do we have to do. We have to set the message to be the message. And we have the duration as the duration. First of all, we have to generate the getters and setters. So right click we have source. We have generate getters and setters for the duration as well as for the message. Okay. And then we have to override the two string method. So right click source generate two string method as far as the message is concerned. So we are going to return with the message exclusively. So what do we have to do. First of all we have to define these two methods. As far as the Compareto method is concerned. This is the method that's going to be called whenever Java compares two objects. So this is the method that can compare objects. Because if we have a given object such as a delayed worker, then of course we have several field variables such as the duration, the message and so on. So Java is going to pose the question that if we have two objects. Object one and object two, these are instantiated delay workers. Then how to decide whether object one is smaller than object two? Of course, it may happen that we want to compare objects based on the duration field variable, or we can compare objects based on the message parameter and so on. So this is why we have this Compareto method okay. And by the way this compare to method may return minus one plus 1 or 0. So what do we have to do. We have to check that if the duration associated with this instance. So if this duration is smaller and then we have another delayed object as you can see. So this is the other object or other just for demonstration purposes. What do we have to do. First we have to cast it into a delayed worker. So we have the delayed worker. Oh and if we have something like this then of course we can call the get duration. And of course sorry for that. Not delayed worker but delay worker. Let's make sure that we rename the delay worker to delayed worker. Sorry for that. Okay. So if we do something like this it is going to be just fine. And of course we have to use other as the name of the variable. So if the duration is smaller than the other objects duration then what do we have to do? In this case we can return with minus one. Minus one means that the actual duration is smaller than the other objects duration. If the duration is larger than the other objects duration, then in this case we return with plus one, which means that the actual object duration is larger than the other objects duration, and otherwise we return zero, which means that both the duration values are the same. Okay, so this is how we can compare objects. And in this case we are comparing the duration because this is exactly what we want to do. We would like to end up with a delayed queue where the items are going to be kept internally until a certain delay has expired and of. Course this delay is defined with this duration parameter. Here we have the time unit unit and we just have to return with the unit dot convert. Here we have to define the duration. The duration is the duration. And we have the source unit which is time unit dot milliseconds. So we are going to deal with milliseconds. And of course if we want to make sure that it is working fine, then we have to make sure that whenever we get the duration, we use the system dot Currenttime millis that returns the current time in milliseconds. So this is what we want to do plus the duration. So we increment the duration by the current time in milliseconds. And whenever we get the delay we use the duration and we decremented by the system current time in milliseconds. Okay. So that's all about the delay You a worker? So what about the main method? In the main method we can create a blocking queue that's going to store delayed workers. So we have the queue like this. And of course the implementation is the delay queue. This is exactly what we are after. So what do we have to do. First of all let's import Java.util.concurrent blocking queue. And of course we have to import Java.util.concurrent delay queue. And then we can put. So queue dot put we can instantiate new delayed worker. We have to define a message. So this is the first message. And we have to define the duration. So we would like to wait for two seconds. So 2000 milliseconds. And of course we have to surround with try catch because it may throw an interrupted exception. Then we will use the second message. And we would like to wait for 10s. So 10,000 milliseconds. Then we have the third message And we want to wait for 4.5 seconds. So 4500 milliseconds. And by the way, what's crucial that these can be inserted by different threads as well because we are dealing with a blocking queue, which means that it is thread safe no matter how many threads are manipulating the underlying blocking queue data structure, it is going to work just fine. In this case, we are going to use a single threaded application just for demonstration purposes, but feel free to use as many independent threads to insert the independent messages as you like. And then what do we have to do? We can get the messages so while the queue is empty or it is not empty, what do we have to do? We have to take the messages. So we print out system out and println. We get the queue and we have the take method that's going to retrieve and remove the head of the queue. So it is going to remove the items from the queue. And of course we have to surround it with try catch because of the interrupted exception. So what's crucial that if we have something like this we save and run the application, then what's going to happen? We have to wait for one second for the first message, then we have to wait four seconds for the third message. And finally we have to wait for 10s for the second message. Of course, this is exactly what we have been talking about. So before that, we have to wait for two seconds for the first message. We have to wait for 4.5 seconds for the third message, and we have to wait 10s for the second message. And this is exactly what's happening here. And of course, we can use as many independent threads to insert these messages as we want. This is exactly why we can use the delayed interface and the delayed queue as an implementation of the blocking queue interface. That's all about blocking queues. Thanks for watching.