In this lecture, we are going to talk about another implementation of the blocking queue interface, the so-called priority blocking queue. It is a concurrent and unbounded blocking queue that orders items according to their priority. I'm not sure whether you are familiar with standard priority queues. Essentially it is exactly the same, but of course it is threadsafe. The underlying data structure is exactly the same. It is a so-called heap data structure that is a tree like data structure. By the way, if you are familiar with algorithms and data structures, it is called the heap. There are two types of heaps the minimum heap where the parent nodes are smaller than the children, and of course there are maximum heaps where the parent nodes are larger than the children. If we consider this minimum heap, it is true for every single subtree that the parent node is smaller than any of its children, and this is why the root node is the smallest item of the data structure, and it is represented as a one dimensional array. So the first item of the one dimensional array is the root node that is the smallest item. And by the way, the parent child relationship is defined by the following equations. If we have a given index for the parent, let's assume that this is the value 25 that has index two. Then the left child in this one dimensional array can be calculated with this formula two times the parent index plus one two times two plus one is five. So if we get the item with index five, then we end up with 35. That is indeed the left child of 25. What about the right child. The right child can be calculated. If we multiply the index by two and then we increment it by two. And this is how we end up with six as the index. And it is indeed value 40. So this is the right child of 25. But anyways I don't want to talk about the concrete implementation of a heap data structure. I just wanted to show you that a priority blocking Q is a heap data structure that is represented with a one dimensional array. And by the way, if we take a look at the implementation of the priority blocking Q, then we can come to the conclusion that indeed, the underlying data structure is a one dimensional array of objects. And by the way, this heap data structure is quite powerful because most of the operations have order log n. So logarithmic running time complexity. For example, if we insert a new item or whenever we remove the first item, these operations take logarithmic running time complexity. Of course, if we remove an arbitrary item, then it has linear running time complexity because we have to find that value in the underlying one dimensional array. But anyways, I would like to talk about why it is thread safe. So what's crucial that there is a single reentrant lock associated with this one dimensional array? And by the way we can check the implementation again. And as you can see, there is a single reentrant lock that is used under the hood. And whenever we insert a given value then we use this reentrant lock. Then in the finally block, as we have discussed in one of the previous lecture, we can call the unlock method. And this is exactly the same when we remove a given item. Okay. So priority blocking Q has a single re-entrant lock under the hood. It is an unbounded blocking Q that uses the same ordering rules as the priority Q and supplies blocking retrieval operations. While this Q is logically unbounded, of course we cannot insert an infinite number of items because we will end up with an out-of-memory error. Of course, insertion and removal are all blocking operations. This is what we have seen in the code that they use the internal reentrant lock. So we can come to the conclusion that only a single thread can insert or remove item from a priority blocking queue, and this is true for the resize operation. So as you may guess, when this one dimensional array becomes full, then Java creates a larger one dimensional array and it copies the values one by one. Of course, it is quite a time consuming operation and it is blocking as well. So while this resize operation takes place, all other threads have to wait. And of course, all these blocking operations are possible because of the single re-entrant lock to protect access to internal heap array. So let's take a look at the most crucial features. It supports ordering based on the priority. So this is why we can use the comparable interface or comparator to define the priority itself. It is thread safe because it uses a re-entrant lock. Internally it is blocking because it blocks when trying to take from an empty queue. It is unbounded, which means that it never blocks on the put method. And what's crucial? That the underlying one dimensional array is resized automatically. and it is backed by a heap data structure that is a one dimensional array. Under the hood, and what's extremely crucial that there is no fairness. So threads are not guaranteed to be served in a first in first out order. So we can come to the conclusion that array blocking queue supports fairness, but it is not possible with linked blocking queues and priority blocking queues. So let's take a look at the implementation of priority blocking queues. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's define the workers. We have the first worker that implements the runnable interface as usual. First of all we have to add the unimplemented run method. And of course we have to store a reference to a private priority blocking queue, which is an implementation of the blocking queue interface. We are going to store strings. So this is going to be the cue. Of course we have to import the java.util.concurrent priority blocking. Q and then what do we have to do. We have the public first worker. So this is the constructor. We will get a priority blocking queue that's going to store strings. This dot q is equals to the queue. And what do we have to do as far as the run method is concerned. The first worker is going to odd items. So it is going to insert items into the priority blocking queue. So first we put in this case we are going to insert strings for example the letter b. Then we insert the letter h just for demonstration purposes. Then we will insert letter f okay. Then just for demonstration purposes we will sleep for two seconds. So 2000 milliseconds. And of course we have to surround it with try catch to be able to handle the interrupted exception. Okay, so let's cut and paste it here. So we have inserted letter B, letter h, letter F. We are waiting for two seconds. Then we insert letter A, and finally we sleep for one more second. And then we insert. So q dot put for example letter z okay. So the first thread is going to insert items into the priority blocking queue. Let's copy and paste the class because the second worker is going to be very similar. So we have the second worker that implements the runnable interface. It gets the priority blocking queue as the queue. And of course instead of inserting items it is going to take items from the queue. First of all, we sleep for five seconds, then we system.out.print print line and we can use the cue dot. Take. This take function retrieves and removes the head of this cue. And of course the first item will be the item with the highest priority. Okay, after that I copy and paste because we are going to sleep for one second and we take the next item. Then we will sleep for, for example, two seconds and we will take the last four items. So altogether we have one, two, three, four and five items. Then sorry for that. We will take as many items as we have inserted. So first of all, in the main method we have the blocking queue as the interface. We are storing strings. So this is the queue as a new priority blocking queue as the concrete implementation. Then what do we have to do? Of course we have to import Java.util.concurrent blocking queue and we have to import priority blocking Q as well. So this is what we have already imported Java.util.concurrent priority blocking Q and what do we have to do? Of course, we have to instantiate the first worker as the first, which is equals to a first worker. And of course we have to define the queue. And of course the first worker is waiting for a blocking queue interface. We can define the blocking queue instead of priority blocking queue. And it is going to be just fine. So let's make sure that we are waiting for a blocking queue in the constructor of the first worker. And of course we have to do the same with the second worker. And as you can see, it is working fine. We have to do approximately the same for the second worker as the second. It is equals to a new second worker. And what do we have to do? We have to create a thread for the first worker. And of course, we have to start it. If we call the start method, then the run method of the runnable interface will be executed automatically. So we start the first thread and of course we start the second thread. So let's see what's going to happen if we have something like this. There's going to be an error because the second worker is already defined. We have already defined this class in one of the previous lecture. So what do we have to do. We have to use the priority second worker. And let's make sure that we use the priority first worker as well. Then it is going to work fine. Of course, we have to make sure that whenever we instantiate these classes, we use priority first worker and priority second worker. Okay. So as you can see it is working fine. If we save and run the application, then let's wait for five seconds because this is exactly what we have defined Here. We sleep for five seconds and then we get the first item. And as you can see, because we are dealing with a priority blocking Q under the hood, it stores the item in a sorted order based on the priority. So this is what we have been talking about that it uses some ordering under the hood A, B, F, H and z. This is the alphabetical order. If we are storing integers then what's going to happen? Of course we have to modify the workers accordingly. So we have to make sure that we are storing integers. And I guess here we have to store integers as well. And of course we have to insert integers 12. Then we have 50, then we have two, then we have one. And finally we have 100. So if we save and rerun the application then in this case we will get the numerical ordering. The first value will be one, then two, then finally 1250 and 100. As you can see, this is the sorted order. So what do we have to do if we want to define our object? We have to use the comparable interface. So we can define a person class just for demonstration purposes. We have a person that implements the comparable interface. And of course we are going to compare person objects. So what do we have to do. We have to add the unimplemented Compareto method. So if we have two field variables private integer age for example, and we have private string name, by the way you can generate the constructor quite easily. Right click source generate constructor using fields for the age and the name. And as you can see, eclipse is going to generate the constructor. And what do we have to do? First of all, let's generate the two string method as well. Right click source. Generate toString for the age and for the name. And as far as the Compareto method is concerned, this is where we can define the logic. So how Java will compare two person objects? Let's suppose the fact that in this case, we have the person as the name of the variable, and we just have to use the name compare to person dot get name. And of course, sorry for that. We have to generate the getters and setters. Right click source generate getters and setters for age and for the name. And if we do something like this, of course we can get the name without any problem. So in this case what do we have to do. First of all we have to make sure that we are using person, which means that we will store person objects in the blocking queue. And we have to do the same here. And what do we have to do? Of course we have to make sure that in the main method we are dealing with person objects. And of course the first worker is going to put new person objects. What do we have to do. We have to define the age and we have to define a name. And we have to do the same for every single put method. Okay. So we are going to do the same. We have age 55 with Kevin. Then we have 27 with Anna. Then we have 31 for Daniel. And we have for example 15 for Joe. So if we are dealing with a custom person object and because we have defined the compare to method, that has something to do with the name. This is why the result is going to be sorted based on the names. So we will get the first person, which is Adam. Then Anna. Then Daniel, Joe and Kevin. This is the alphabetical order as far as names are concerned. What if we would like to define the priority for the h parameters? Of course, in the Compareto method of the person class, we have to use integer and compare this dot h and we have the person dot get h. So this is how we will compare the person objects based on the integer h parameters, and we will get the sorted order based on the h parameters. So as you can see we have 12, 15, 27, 31 and 55. This is the numerical ordering. Okay. So this is how we can use priority blocking Q. It is very similar to the priority queue but it is thread safe. We can insert and we can take items with the help of multiple threads. Thanks for watching.