In this lecture we are going to talk about concurrent map. So first of all we would like to make sure that we are able to store key value pairs with the help of a hash map. So under the hood there is a one dimensional array. And we use hash function. In order to find the array index for the item we would like to store. And this is how we can achieve order one. Constant running time complexity. Of course, the problem is that standard hash maps are not synchronized by default, but we can solve this problem with the help of collections synchronized map. So if we create a synchronized hash map like this, it is going to work fine. But it is not going to be the most efficient solution possible because it uses the intrinsic clock, which means that only a single thread can manipulate the underlying data structure. And of course, it is not the most efficient approach, because what if the first thread wants to read a given item and the second thread tries to insert a given item. Of course, these operations are totally independent of each other, so there is no need for these threads to wait for each other to finish their task, because these tasks can be executed simultaneously because these are independent operations. Okay, so this is why using the collections related synchronization is not the best solution possible. And this is why concurrent maps came to be. So let's take a look at the internal working of a concurrent map. So we know that there is a one dimensional array under the hood as far as maps are concerned. And the main idea is that we can make a map synchronized with defining segments of the underlying array. So what does it mean? These segments can be updated only by a single thread. By the way, the initial size of a segment is equals to 16. So what does it mean that we are going to divide the underlying one dimensional array into segments of 16 items. and we assign a lock to every segment instead of using a single lock. So whenever we are using collections that synchronize, then we are going to use just a single lock on the whole underlying one dimensional array. In this case, we are going to partition the underlying array into segments, and every single segment can contain 16 items. By the way, we can change this value so we can define the size of a given segment, but was crucial that every single segment is going to be logged. So what does it mean? It can happen that the first thread will manipulate the first segment. The second thread manipulates the second segment, the third thread manipulates the third segment. And it is possible because we are going to deal with segments and we are going to lock on the given segment. So if a given thread is manipulating the first segment, then other threads can manipulate other segments without any problem. And by the way, it is absolutely crucial that every thread can read any item from the underlying array without restrictions. Because of course, if we want to read a given item, which means that we are not going to change the value in the underlying data structure, then of course it can be done by any thread because nothing's going to happen if we read a given value. Problems arise in multi-threading when two or more threads try to update the same value. So it is absolutely crucial that every thread can read any item from the underlying array without restrictions. It is crucial because if we are dealing with collections that synchronize map, in this case we have just a single look. So if a given thread tries to read from the HashMap, then the HashMap is going to be logged until this operation is finished. And of course it is not efficient because every thread can read any item from the underlying array without causing any problem. So far so good, but unfortunately we have to talk a bit more about concurrent hash maps, because after Java eight, the underlying implementation is a bit more complicated. It uses bin level locking in an extremely elegant way. So first of all, let's talk about read operations because it is quite easy. Read operations in concurrent hash maps after Java eight are threadsafe even without explicit locks or synchronized blocks, because there are volatile fields to ensure visibility. And there is the so-called happens before relationship. So even without acquiring any locks, you can safely read from the map without crashing or getting corrupted data. By the way, it is always advisable to take a look at the concrete implementation so you can check Concurrenthashmap Java class. This is the implementation that is present in the Java Development Kit, and we can come to the conclusion if we take a look at the Get method that there is no synchronization, so there's no synchronized blocks, there are no re-entrant locks and so on. And if we take a look at the node implementation it is generic. So we have the generic key and value pair. And as you can see the value is volatile. The next node is volatile because during collision it may happen that there is a link list associated with the same array bucket. We are going to talk about it later. And if we take a look at the hash table itself that is a one dimensional array of nodes. As you can see it is volatile as well. And as we have discussed earlier, the volatile keyword in Java helps ensure that threads see the most up to date value of a variable because it is read from the main memory, so it is not cached in the actual thread, but it is flushed to the main memory. So there is a visibility guarantee. And you may post a question that. What is this happens before relationship. That happens before relationship is a guarantee. In the Java memory model that says that if action A happens before action B, then all. Side effects made by A are visible to B, so B is guaranteed to see the results of A. So this is how Java defines visibility and ordering between threads. Without it, threads can see stale or inconsistent data due to central processing, unit optimizations, instruction reordering or caching. So this is exactly why if we use volatile keywords on the fields, multiple threads can read from the concurrent map without acquiring any locks, without dealing with synchronized blocks, and so on. So read from a concurrent HashMap is quite easy. But what about insertion? Insertion is a bit more problematic because it may happen that multiple threads try to insert into the same array slot. So Java uses the so-called fine grained locking system where a smallest possible unit is logged. So instead of dealing with segments that contain multiple buckets or bins after Java eight, the smallest unit that is logged is the bucket. So essentially one single array slot and the first value is inserted via a lock free mechanism that is called compare and swap. This is a first of all, let's talk about this approach. It is an extremely powerful approach and we can implement it quite easily. So this is how we can avoid locking while still being thread safe. It is a low level atomic instruction used to safely update a variable without locking. And this is typically done using methods from unsafe or var handle, which directly access memory with atomic operations. Okay, so let's take a look at the algorithm itself. As you can see, if the memory value is equals to a value that we expect, then we update the value. Otherwise we return because that array slot is no longer null. So the expected value is a null. But because the first thread already updated that value, this condition is false. So essentially they return without updating that given value. And what's extremely crucial that if this approach fails, it falls back to the standard approach of synchronizing and locking on the first node of the bucket because there is already a value that is inserted because the second thread manages to update that value. So there is a valid node inserted into the HashMap. We can synchronize on that given node, and if we take a look at the implementation, this is exactly what's happening. We have seen that stands for Compare and Swap table at. So as you can see, there is no lock when adding to empty bin and otherwise it synchronizes on the value that is already present in that given array slot. So let's take a look at a concrete example. Let's assume that we store integer values associated with given keys, and let's assume that a thread tries to insert into an array slot that already contains a given value. Because it is not empty, it is not going to use the c.a.s. So compare and swap approach because it is used exclusively when it is an empty array slot, but it synchronizes on that given value, and this is how it implements the next value in a linked list manner. So this is how a HashMap can contain multiple values associated with the same array index. What if another thread tries to insert another value associated with that given index? Of course there are already items associated with that index, so it synchronizes on that given value. And by the way, as you may guess, because it is a synchronized block, it means that other threads have to wait for that given operation to be finished, which means that we have managed to achieve bucket level locking. So if a given thread is updating a given bucket, then of course other threads have to wait. And this is how we can insert the next item. But there is another problem if we have just a link list in order to store multiple values associated with the same array slot, it is working fine. But if we take a look at the implementation again, we have this three five threshold with initial value eight. What does it mean that if there are more than eight values stored in a single array bucket with a linked list data structure like this, then the linked list is automatically transformed into a red black tree. And if you are familiar with this data structure, then you know that we may change the color of the nodes and we may rotate this tree like structure. You may pose the question that why is it a problem? Because if we synchronize on the root node with the first thread, and during this operation, the structure of the red black tree changes because of rotation, then it may happen that the next thread synchronizes on the root node, but it is a different object because the tree structure has changed because of rotation. So despite the fact that we use a synchronized block, it is not going to be thread safe. So the problem is that the root node may change because of rotations, and multiple threads may synchronized on different locks, and modifications may occur concurrently. And this is exactly why there is a tree bin that we can look and synchronize on. It is a single object. So the given array slot is pointing to that single tree bin object, and the tree bin points to the actual root node. That may change because of rotation, but it doesn't matter because we synchronized on the tree bin object. That will be the same for all the threads. So essentially we have managed to solve the problem And whenever there is a red black tree under the hood. Synchronization works fine. And if a single thread acquired the lock because of the synchronized block. Other threads have to wait. So the final conclusion that read operations are lock free and straightforward. On the other hand, insertions are a bit more complicated. The first items are inserted with compare and swap, and after that there are two cases. If there is a linked list data structure in which we store the items after a collision, then we can synchronize on the first item. So essentially on the head of the linked list. And if there is a red black tree data structure under the hood, then we can synchronize on the tree bin object. So this is how we can make sure that no inconsistencies can occur. Let's take a look at the implementation. Of course with the help of Hashmaps we are able to store key value pairs. So instead of dealing with scalar values, just single values, we are dealing with key value pairs. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's create a class for the map first worker. Of course, as usual it implements the runnable interface because of course this map first worker will be the first thread. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to avoid typos and then we have to add the unimplemented run method. So what do we have to do. We will get a private concurrent map and we are storing strings and integers. What does it mean. String is the key, integer is the value. And of course this is going to be the map itself. So first of all we have to import Java.util.concurrent. This is an interface by the way. And what do we have to do. Of course in the constructor, we will get a concurrent map. So this is what we get from the main method. And of course we have to set this dot map is equals to the map. And as far as the run method is concerned this is when we will insert items into the underlying map. So the map first worker will insert items. First of all we have to call the put method. And of course we will use strings and integers. So we have the string b. And of course we use an integer for example 12. And sorry for that not compute. But we use the put method of course. And then we will sleep just for demonstration purposes for one second. So 1000 milliseconds of course we have to surround it with try catch because it may throw an interruptedexception okay. So I cut and paste it here. So first we insert B be with value 12. Then we sleep for one second. Then we insert, for example z. And then we insert letter a and the values will be five and 25. Just for demonstration purposes. Then we will sleep for two seconds. And finally we will insert one more value. For example letter D with value 19. Okay. So the first thread is going to insert items into the underlying HashMap. And what do we have to do. We have to define another thread. This is going to be the map second worker that's going to remove items from the underlying HashMap. Of course in this case it is a concurrent HashMap. So we make sure that it is synchronized. So multiple threads can update the values without any problem. Okay. So instead of putting the items we will get the items. So we get the value associated with letter A. But of course first we have to sleep for 5000 milliseconds. And what do we have to do after that. We have to print it out. So system out and println. So we print out the integer value associated with letter A. Then we sleep for two seconds just for demonstration purposes. And we get two more items. The value associated with letter z and the value associated with letter B. And just for demonstration purposes, these are the values we are going to get from the underlying HashMap. So what do we have to do. Of course concurrent map. And we are dealing with string as keys and integers as values. So we have the map as new and we have the implementation which is the concurrent HashMap. Of course, again it is a string and the values are integers. So we have to import Java.util.concurrent HashMap. And then we have to instantiate the map first worker as the first, and we instantiate it as a new map first worker. And of course we have to define the map, and we have to do approximately the same for the second. So we have the map and second worker. Okay. And after that what do we have to do. We have to create a thread for the first worker. And of course we can start it because the first worker implements the runnable interface. And we can do the same with the second as well. So we are going to assign the first thread to the first worker and the second thread to the second worker. So if we save and run the application, then first we have to wait for five seconds, 5000 milliseconds. Then we get the value associated with letter A, then the value associated with letter z, and finally the value associated with letter B. So this is why we get 25, five and finally 12. Again, it is extremely convenient to use these kinds of concurrent implementations because we don't have to deal with synchronization. Synchronization is not that straightforward. We have to use synchronized blocks. We have to use locks. We have to avoid thread starvation. So we have to make sure that all the threads are going to be handled. And if we are using the built in classes of Java, then of course these classes have been tested, which means that we can take it for granted that they are working fine. Okay, so that's all about how we can use synchronized HashMap. As you can see, it is working fine. Thanks for watching.