In the previous lecture, we have been talking about concurrent hash maps, and I would like to take a look at a concrete example and we will understand that. What are some problems that we still have to deal with. So first of all, we have a concurrent map. And let's assume that we have the string key. And we have string values that we are storing. This is the map. And we instantiate it as a concurrent hash map. So as you may guess concurrent map is the interface, concurrent HashMap is the implementation. We have been talking about that if we put a given value based on a given key. So this is the key, and this is the value that we store in the underlying one dimensional array. Of course the hash code generates an index. But anyways what we have discussed is that this put method is synchronized. So no two threads can update the same array bucket at the same time because of the synchronization methods that we considered in the previous lecture, but I would like to show you an extremely popular approach. What if we have this map and we check that whether a given key is present or not? So we can call the contains key. We specify a given key. And if a value is not present based on a given key. For example, we insert the given value based on that given key. So we can come to the conclusion that the put method is atomic. So put is atomic. But this if statement is not atomic because first we check whether that key is present in the underlying data structure. And if it is not present then we insert that given value. But as you may guess, if two threads execute this same if statement, then of course it may happen that the first thread checks whether the key is present, and of course it is not present. So it enters the if statement. And at the same time, the second thread checks whether the key is present in the underlying hash table because it is not present. Then both of the threads execute the same put method, which means that despite the fact that the put method is atomic, multiple operations are not atomic by default, and you may come to the conclusion that okay, we just have to synchronize on the hash map itself, and we have to do something like this. It is going to work fine. But of course this is not the best approach possible because we synchronized on the object itself. So it is highly inefficient. And by the way this is called slipping condition that multiple threads may think that the key didn't exist. And both insert the given value and one of the updates is lost depending on timing. So a slipping condition occurs when multiple threads read a value and make decisions based on stale data, and then write back conflicting or outdated values. And instead of using something like this, the solution is to use the built in method of concurrenthashmap. So we have the put method and as you can see we have put if absent. So this is how we can insert a given value based on a given key. So it is very similar to what we see here. But it is thread safe. So there is no slipping condition because this implementation is synchronized. Okay. So with the help of this built in method we can get rid of the slipping condition problem. And we can use a concurrent HashMap in an extremely efficient manner. Thanks for watching.