In this lecture we are going to talk about the implementation of exchanger. So with the help of exchanger two threads can exchange objects. So what's going to happen exactly. We are going to deal with multiple threads of course. Because the aim of exchangers is that we can exchange objects so we can share information between two running threads. We have thread one and we have thread two. We have been talking about in the theoretical section, that every single thread has its own distinct memory location with its own variables and so on, which means that the first thread related variables are not visible for the second thread, and vice versa, in the sense that the second thread related variables are not visible for the first thread. So this is why we need to exchange information somehow. And this is why exchanger came to be. What's extremely crucial that we have to deal with two objects. The first thread will share object one with the second thread, and the second thread will share object two with the first thread. It is not possible to send data from the first thread to the second thread, or in the opposite direction. We are dealing with two objects, and what's crucial that until the second thread is not responding, the given thread will be in a blocked state. So for example, if the first thread has called the exchange method and it is waiting for the second thread, then the first thread will be in a blocked state. And this is true for the second thread. If the second thread calls the exchange method first, then the second thread will be in a blocked state until the first thread is responding. Okay, so with the help of the exchanger, we can exchange data between two running threads. You may post a question that how to deal with multiple threads. It is not possible to do so when we are using exchangers. We can share data between two threads exclusively if we want to share the data with another thread. Then again we can use exchanger and share the data between, for example, the second thread and the third thread. So both of the threads will call the exchange method. This is how they can exchange objects. So both of them will get data from the other thread. Okay so let's see the concrete example. First we have to define a class for the first thread. So we have the first thread. Of course it implements the runnable interface. As usual we have to add the unimplemented run method. This is what's going to be called automatically when we will start the thread. So what do we have to do? We have to define a field variable for the counter. So we have a private integer counter. If we define a field variable then the initial value will be zero. But of course we don't have to set it to be zero explicitly because this is the default value. Then we have to define the field variable exchanger. And of course we have to define that what is the type we would like to exchange. So we have the exchanger like this. What do we have to do? We have to import java.util.concurrent exchanger. So this is what we have to import okay. And of course in the constructor so we have the public first thread we have the exchanger exchanger. And of course we are exchanging integers. So this exchanger is equals to the exchanger okay. And in the run method we are going to create an infinite loop. So while true this is an infinite loop it will run forever. This is a typical infinite loop. What do we have to do. The first thread is going to increment the value of the counter. Then we print out System.out.println. That first thread incremented the counter and we append the value of the counter accordingly. And then we can call the exchanger dot Exchange. Of course, it is going to wait for another thread to arrive at this exchange point. And of course it is going to return with an integer because this is what we have defined. So we will reinitialize the value of the counter to be the exchanger dot exchange. And of course we are going to send the counter as the value. So this is what we have been talking about that thread. One will send an object to the second thread, and the second thread sends an object to the first thread. We send the counter value to the second thread. And of course we get an integer, and we set that given integer value to be the value of the counter. And of course we have to surround it with try catch. Some of the students has posed a question that what is this interrupted exception? So it's thrown when a thread is waiting, sleeping or otherwise occupied and the thread is interrupted. If we instantiate a new thread so we use a thread as a new thread. Something like this. Then we can call the so-called interrupt method. As you can see, this method interrupts this thread. Let's suppose the situation that you would like to download several images from the web. Or for example, you would like to copy several files on your computer. Then usually the operating system is going to create a distinct thread for this operation. Or for example, when we want to download a huge dataset from the web, then usually we create a new thread for the download operation, and during the operation we come to the conclusion that we don't want to download the images or we don't want to copy the files. Then essentially we would like to cancel the given thread. That can be done with the help of the interrupt method. And if a thread is being executed and we call the interrupt method, this is when the interrupted exception will be thrown. Okay, so that's all about the interrupted exception. Anyways, we get the integer with the help of the exchange method. And just for demonstration purposes, let's make sure that we print out. So we System.out.println. That first thread get the counter and we print out the value of the counter. And what's crucial that we would like to sleep. So thread dot sleep for 1000 milliseconds, which means that we are going to wait for one second. Sorry for that. We have the thread dot sleep and of course we have to surround it with try catch as usual because we have to handle the interrupted exception. Okay, that's all about the first thread and we have the second thread. So I copy and paste it because this is going to be very, very similar. We have the second thread. It will have a counter. And of course we have to store a reference to the exchanger. We will get the exchanger from the main method. And during execution the second thread will Decrement the value. So what do we have to do? Instead of incrementing the counter, we have to decrement the value by one. And then we have to call the exchange method. And this is how the first thread and the second thread will exchange the objects. And of course after that we will wait for one second. And it is an infinite loop. So we will exchange the counter again, again and again. So as far as the main method is concerned, first we have to create an exchange for integers. We have the exchanger as a new exchanger something like this. Then we have to instantiate the first thread as t1 is equals to a new first thread. And of course we have to define the exchanger. And then we have to do the same for the second thread. So we have the second thread as t two. Of course we have to instantiate it as a new second thread. And of course after that we can create a new thread for T1. And of course we can call the start method. So by the way, just to be self-consistent this is not T1 that stands for the thread. It is the first. Then we have the second. And we have to define this runnable interface for a new thread that can be started without any problem. And we have to start the second thread as well. So if we save and run the application, then what's going to happen? We have the second thread. The first thread. Then the second thread and so on. Let's make sure that we sleep for more than one second. So we will sleep for two seconds. And of course we would like to do the same with the second thread. So if I save and rerun the application then maybe it is going to be a bit better. Okay, so if we take a look at what's happening, then we can see that the first thread incremented the counter. The initial value for an integer field variable is zero. So after incrementing it by one, the One, the value is one, the second thread decremented the counter. And of course, because the initial value for the counter was zero for the second thread as well, and it has been decremented by one. This is why we will have minus one for the second thread. Then the second thread get the counter and now it has the value one because the values have been exchanged, as you can see, and the first thread, get the counter with value minus one. The second thread decremented the value by one one minus one is zero. The first thread has incremented the counter by one, so minus one plus one is equal to zero. So the first thread has the counter value zero. Of course the second thread has the counter value zero of course. And then we start again. We increment the value of the counter with the first thread, and we decrement the value of the counter with the second thread. Then we exchange and so on. So this is how we can exchange data between two running threads with the help of exchange. Thanks for watching.