In this lecture, we are going to talk about another important concurrent data structure, the so called copy on write array. So first of all, we can use the collections clause and if we search for the given synchronized related methods, then as you can see, that we can make underlying collections synchronized with the help of the synchronized collection method. If we are dealing with lists, then we have the synchronized list method and so on. But of course this approach is not efficient at all and this is exactly why copy on write arrays came to be so it so copy on write array implements the list interface. And this is the efficient implementation of the synchronized array list because any thread can read from the actual version of the list. There is no need for locking when reading data from the underlying data structure and threads that change the value, whether it is a remove operation or it is an update operation, then that given thread makes a copy of the original list. And by the way, this operation is quite expensive because of this. It takes although and linear running time complexity because we have to make a copy of the underlying one dimensional array. And this is how the update. So the remove and set operations will be atomic. By the way, threads must wait for each other to update the list. So what's absolutely crucial that if a given thread tries to read from the given list, then there is no need for locking. So there may be, for example, 10,000 threads that can read from the same underlying copy on write array, which is a simple one dimensional array. So this is why it is extremely powerful because there is no need for these threads to wait for each other if they want to read the given data, if they want to update, so remove a given item or update a given item. Then of course these threads must wait for each other to finish execution and the crucial concept behind copy on write array that every time a given thread updates a given value, then it is going to make a copy of the underlying list data structure. So the one dimensional array and this is how we can guarantee that this operation will be atomic. So let's take a look at a concrete example. We have a simple one dimensional array because under the hood copy on write, arrays are dealing with simple one dimensional arrays. We have integers 2071 and so on. And for example, let's assume that the first thread tries to update a given value in this one dimensional array. Then what's going to happen? This is exactly what we have been talking about, that a given thread that tries to change a given value in the underlying list is going to make a copy of the original one dimensional array. So there's going to be a new copy of the underlying one dimensional array, and the first thread is going to update the given value. For example, it updates the item with index two. So this is the third item and it is going to update the value. And let's assume that another thread, for example, thread number two tries to read from the given list because the first thread is manipulating a copy of the original list. The second thread can read the data from the original list without any problem. And of course, after the value have been updated, the first thread is going to update the original underlying one dimensional array and this is how synchronization is going to be handled. So what's extremely crucial that with the help of this copy operation, we can make sure that the update so the remove and the set operations will be atomic. Of course, you may pose the question that what's going to happen if another thread tries to update the underlying one dimensional array? Then of course that given thread has to wait for the first thread to finish execution and then it is able to acquire the given one dimensional array. It is going to make a copy of the underlying one dimensional array, update the value accordingly and set back the values. Okay, so let's take a look at a concrete example as far as the implementation is concerned. So first of all, we are going to create several runnable interfaces. First of all, we have the read task, implementing the Runnable interface, and as you can see, we will get a list interface with the help of the public constructor. And as far as the run method is concerned, this run method is coming from the runnable interface. Of course it is going to be an infinite loop. We are going to sleep for 50 milliseconds and then we will print out the list itself. So this is how we are going to acquire the list without modifying any underlying values. As far as the write task is concerned, it is going to be very similar. It implements the runnable interface. We get the list interface with the help of the constructor. And as far as the run method is concerned, we create an infinite. Loop. We sleep for 50 milliseconds and then we update a random value. So as you can see, we generate a random index and this is going to be the index. We are going to update in the underlying one dimensional array because we are going to deal with the copy on write array and we set a random value within the range zero and nine. So as far as this next INT is concerned, it is going to return a pseudo random, uniformly distributed integer value between zero and the specified value exclusive. Okay. So as far as the concurrent array is concerned, as you can see, we create and instantiate a new copy overwrite array list and because it implements the list interface, we can instantiate the list as a copy on write array and we are going to initialize the values. So we are going to add one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine and ten values. And then we will create several threads. There's going to be three write tasks. So what does it mean that three distinct threads are going to update the values in the underlying one dimensional array in a concurrent manner? And then we have the read thread that's going to print out the content of the list. Okay. And of course we have to start those threads. And as far as the application is concerned, we instantiate the concurrent array and we call the simulate method that's going to create the threads and going to start the threads. So if we save and run the simulation, then as you can see, this is going to be the solution, which means that multiple threads can manipulate the same underlying list data structure in a synchronized manner. So copy on write array is going to use the technique we have been talking about, which means that whenever a given thread tries to update a given value, then it is going to make a copy of the underlying one dimensional array. It will make the update and after that it will update the references, which means that it is going to update the underlying one dimensional array anyway. So this is how we can synchronize an underlying one dimensional array data structure. So this is the synchronized version of the array list and it is working fine. As you can see, it is way faster than the vector implementation. So we have the so-called vector and this vector is synchronized by default, but it is extremely slow. This copy on write array list implementation is quite efficient. Thanks for watching.