In this chapter and in the coming lectures, we are going to talk about parallel algorithms. But of course, to be able to understand the real power of parallel algorithms. First, we have to talk about sequential approaches. So this is exactly what we are going to do. We are going to talk about sequential emerge sort. We are going to talk about the implementation of sequential merge sort. Then we will talk about how to implement the same problem with parallel computing. And then we can come to the conclusion by measuring the running time of both approaches that parallelization is extremely powerful. So first of all, let's talk about the theoretical background of merge sort. So of course, it is a sorting algorithm, which means that the aim of the algorithm is to sort an underlying data structure in ascending or descending order. This more sort of algorithm is a divide and conquer approach that was invented by John von Neumann back in 1945. It is a comparison based algorithm, which means that the algorithm relies heavily on comparing the items. Of course, there are non-comparison based approaches that can outperform comparison based ones. Anyways, this lecture is not on sorting algorithms, it is just to consider another divide and conquer approach. So merge sort has anO(NlogN) linearithmic running time complexity. It is a stable sorting algorithm, which means that it maintains the relative orders of items with equal values and it is not in place. This is one of the disadvantages of merge sort that it is not in place. It requires O(N) additional memory. So we will see during the implementation that we have to create a data structure with as many items as the items we want to sort. So this is why it has a linear memory complexity. Of course, there are several competitors of merge sort, such as heap sort and quick sort. So heap sort has the same running time complexity as merge sort, but heap sort doesn't need additional memory. OK, as far as quick sort is concerned, it is considered to be the fastest sorting algorithm. So an efficient quick sort implementation generally outperforms merge sort, by the way, merge sort is often the best choice for sorting linked list data structures, which means that in these cases, merge sort doesn't need any additional memory. OK, so let's take a look at the algorithm itself. Of course, it is a divide and conquer approach with recursive function calls. So first, we have to divide the array. We would like to sort into two subarrays recursively. And of course, we have these sort subarrays recursively as well with merge sort So we are going to divided the arrays into two subarrays until there is only a single item left in the subarrays. This is the so-called base case for this recursive implementation. And of course, a subarray with a single item is considered to be sorted by default or by the way another good approach is to use insertion sort when the size of the subarray is smaller than 10, for example, because insertion sort of works extremely fine with small subarray containing less than 10 or less than five items. So this is the base case of merge sort when there are just a few items in that subarrays or there is just a single item in the subarray. It depends on the concrete implementation and then we have to merge the subarrays in order to get the final solution. So we have the divide phase and we have the conquer phase. OK, let's take a look at the divide phase. So what do we have to do? We have to consider the middle item and we have to split the original array into two halves. Of course, in this case, because we have an odd number of items, this is why there's going to be more items in the left. subarray. But of course, approximately all the subarrays contain the same amount of items. Then what do we have to do? We have to split these subarrays recursively, so we are going to split the left and the right subarrays recursively again and again until we come to the conclusion that every single subarray contains just a single item. As you can see, we have a subarray with value 32 We have another subarray with value -12. Well, then another subarray with value 0 and so on OK, so the divide phase keeps splitting the array into smaller and smaller subarrays. We can use the recursion until every subarray has just a single item. This is what we have seen here that at the end of the recursive divide phase, every single subarray contains just a single item because we know for certain that single items are sorted by default, of course, because there is just a single item in every single subarray. And of course, it is not necessarily. The best approach, because there may be too many recursive function calls, so we can use insertion sort on smaller subarrays containing less than five items or less than 10 items. So given subarray containing 10 items is considered to be a small area as well, and we can use insertion sort because insertion sorts is quite efficient on datasets that are already substantially sorted or the sizes are very small. So insertions or that has quadratic running time in general. So O(N*N) it can have approximately linear running time complexity in best case. So this is why using insertion sort as a subroutine for merge sort is working quite fine, because this is how we can eliminate too many recursive function calls. OK, so after the divide phase, we have the conquer phase, which means that we have several smaller subarrays that are already sorted and we have to merge these arrays one by one in order to get the final result. This is the conqueror phase and it runs in a linear running time complexity. And this is why the final running time is O(NlogN) Again, we can prove it with the help of the so-called master theorem. So if you are interested in how to analyze the running time complexity of divide and conquer algorithms, then I suggest taking a look at my complexity theory course when we are talking about running time complexities for standard approaches and for recursive approaches as well. By the way, I plan to create an additional video here at the end of this chapter about Master Theorem. But of course, it takes some time to get used to the master theorem. OK, so the final running time complexity is O(NlogN) linearithmic which is quite fine. So in the conquer phase, we have 2 subarrays in every iteration that are already sorted, either because we use insertion stored for small subarrays or because we use recursion until every subarray contain just a single item and subarrays with a single item are considered to be sorted by default. So we have this sorted subarrays and we have to merge these subarrays. So what do we have to do? Of course, this is why merge sort is not an in-place algorithm. It needs some memory because we have to use additional data structures in which we are going to merge, the given subarrays So we have 3, 5, 6, 10 and 1, 4, 8 So what do we have to do? Of course, we have to consider both of the arrays from left to right, and we have to keep comparing the items. One is smaller than three. So it is going to be the first item of the resort array. And of course, we have to increment the index as far as the right subarray is concerned, and we have to keep comparing the items. Three is smaller than 4 so we insert three and consider the next item in the left. subarray, four is smaller than five, so it is going to be the next item in the final array. Then five is smaller than eight. Then we keep going. Six is smaller than eight. We keep going. Eight is smaller than 10. And as you can see, in this case, we have considered all the items in the right subarray. So we have to copy the items to the end of the resource list. So this is what's going to happen here. And basically we are done that. We have considered all the items in the left. subarray, we have considered all the items in the right subarray and the result array is going to contain all the items in the sorted order, as you can see, one three, four, five, six, eight and 10. So this is how we can emerge two subarrays into a result array in a linear running time complexity. So this is what we are going to implement in the coming lectures. Thanks for watching.