In this lecture we are going to talk about the implementation of Merge sort. So let's create a new clause for the merge sort. Okay. We are going to have again a private integer, one dimensional array of numbers we would like to sort. But what's crucial that merge sort is not an in-place algorithm, which means that it needs additional memory. So this is why we have the private integer, another one dimensional array, the so called temp array. And this is what we are going to use during the implementation. So as far as public merge sort, so the constructor is concerned, we get a one dimensional array of numbers. Okay. And then we set nums to be equal to the nums. And of course we have to make sure that we instantiate a new array for as many items as nums dot length. So basically in the temporary array, we are going to store as many items as in the original one dimensional array. So again, we have a private void swap method, integer I and integer J. So we have the temporary variable as usual with index I then the nums index I is equal to the nums index J and then finally nums index J is equal to the temp. So this is how we swap two items with index I and index j in the underlying one dimensional array. Okay. Then we have a method private void show array as usual. We iterate through integer. I is equal to zero. I is less than the dot length and plus plus i and we print out System.out.println the nums with index I plus some spacing. So something like this. And of course we have a public void sort method. This is what's going to be called from outside. So we call the sort method. It is going to be a recursive implementation or just to make sure that it is clear it is the merge sort starting with the first item. So index zero nums dot length minus one because indices starts with zero. Okay. So as far as merge sort is concerned, it is a private helper method. This is the low index, this is the high index. So the low index is pointing to the first item of the actual array. The high index is pointing to the last item of the actual array. But because we are going to call this method recursively, these are not going to be the first and last items of the original one dimensional array. So what do we have to do? Of course, because it is a recursive implementation, we need the base case. So if the low is greater or equal than the high index, then we return. So this is the base case and otherwise, what do we have to do? We have to generate a middle item. So int middle index is equal to the low plus high divide by two. And then we have to call the method recursively on both subarrays, which means that we have to call the merge sort recursively on the left subarray, which means that low and the middle index and we call the method recursively on the right subarray. So middle index plus one and the high which is the end of the one dimensional array. And of course this is when we keep splitting the original array into smaller and smaller subarrays. So instead of recursing into both Subarrays, I will leave a comment that we keep splitting the problem into smaller and smaller sub problems until a given array contains just one item. So this is what we have been talking about. In a theoretical section. We get the middle item and we generate a left sub array and the right subarray. Okay. Then we keep calling the method recursively on the left sub array and the right sub array. So we keep generating the middle item and we keep splitting the array. And as you can see, if the given sub array contains just a single item, then we consider it to be sorted because of course a one dimensional array with a single item is sorted by default and after that we have to merge these subarrays into a sorted result. So this is why after that we have to combine the sub solutions. This is a typical divide and conquer approach. So we keep splitting the problem into smaller and smaller subproblems. This is the divide phase and after that we have a conquer phase when we combine the sub results of the sub problems. So we have the merge as far as index, low index, middle and index high are concerned. Okay. So basically the divide part is quite easy because we just have to call the same method recursively and it is going to return when there is just a single item in the underlying array. But the complicated part is how to combine the sub solutions. So let's take a look at the merge method. Okay, so we have a low index middle index and the high index. So we have a one dimensional array with several values and instead of splitting the array into two sub arrays, we are going to track the sub arrays with the help of indices. So for example, the low index may be to the middle, index can be three and the high index can be four. It means that 012, this is the sub array we are considering. So first of all, we have to copy the items, so copy the items into the temporary array. So for integer I is equals to the low. I is smaller or equals to high. And of course plus plus I. So what do we have to do? Temp array with index I is equals to the nums with index I so we copy the items into the temporary array. Then we create three indices integer I is equals to the low integer j is equals to the middle plus one. And we have integer k that is equals to the low as well. So what do we have to do? After splitting the array into several sub arrays containing just single items, we have to combine these sub results. So for example, we can have a situation like this when we have a left sub array with value three, five, six and ten and the right sub array one, four and eight. And of course these sub arrays are going to be sorted. So three, five, six and ten. As you can see it is the sorted order one, four eight. This is the sorted order as well. So we have a temporary array in which we are going to merge the result. So we have three indices index. I is going to track the items in the left sub array index. J is going to track the items in the right subarray and index K is going to represent the index in the temporary array. So this is why we have created these variables. Okay. And by the way, we are going to consider the temporary array. So we consider the temp array and copy the items into the original nums one dimensional array. It is absolutely crucial. So what do we have to do? While I is less than or equal to the middle index and the j is smaller or equal to the high index of course, because the last item of the left sub array has index middle and the index of the last item in the right sub array has index high. So this is what we have been talking about. I have something to do with the left sub array and the last item has the index middle and in the right sub array we have to use index j and the last item of the right sub array has index. Hi. So this is why we have to iterate until we consider all the items. And what do we have to do? We have to check that if the temporary array with index I is smaller than the temporary array with index j, then what does it mean? It means of course that we have to copy nums with index k. We have to copy the item from temporary array with index i okay. Because of course we are after the ascending order and of course we have to increment the index of I. So this is the case when the left item is smaller than the right, item six is smaller than eight. So we copy the item from the left sub array. And of course we have to increment the index of I and consider the next item. Of course we have to increment the index K as well. So here we have to increment K as well as we know for certain that the temporary array with index J is the smaller one. So what do we have to do? We have to do approximately. Be the same, but we have to use J and of course we have to increment J. So basically this is how we copy the items from the left, Subarray and the right Subarray. Of course we have to check whether to copy the left or the right value because we are. After the ascending order. So we start at the beginning. One is smaller than three, so we. Copy the value with index j and we increment the index J and increment index k. K is tracking the items in the result array index. I is tracking the items in the left Subarray index. J is tracking the items in the right subarray. Okay, so we have to increment the value then. In this case three is smaller than four. So we copy the value three and we increment the value. Then four is the smaller one, then five, then six, then eight. And as you can see, we are not finished because of course it may happen that one of the arrays contain more items than the other one. In this case, what do we have to do? Because we know for certain that the items are in a sorted order in a given array. We just have to copy all the items that's left in the left subarray or in the right subarray because of course it may happen that we have considered all the items in the left subarray and there are items left in the right. Subarray So we have to copy the items from the left Subarray if there are any, because of course it may happen that there are no items in the left Subarray So we have to check that while I is smaller or equal to the middle, what do we have to do? The nums. Oh, sorry for that. Not o but of course I. So we have nums with index k is equals to the temp array with index I and of course we have to increment k, so plus plus k and of course we have to increment I as well. And of course we have to do the same with the right subarray because of course it may happen that there are items in the right Subarray So what do we have to do? We have to copy the items from the right subarray if there are any. So while J is smaller than the high nums, k is equals to temporary array with j index. And of course we have to increment K and J. And by the way, that's all about merge sort implementation. So it is absolutely crucial that here, as far as the divide phase is concerned, nothing's going to happen. We keep splitting the original array into smaller and smaller subarrays and if there is just a single item in a given array, this is the base case when we return and we keep merging the left subarray and the right Subarray and that's all about the implementation. We need some additional memory. This is why merge sort is not an in-place algorithm. We have to track the items in the left subarray. We have to track the items in the right subarray and we need an index for tracking the result array. The result array is going to be the original one dimensional array. This is why we have copied all the items into the temporary array. So we consider all the items and we have to compare whether to copy the value from the right or from the left sub array. And after that it may happen that some other items are present in the left sub array. So we copy them one by one, or we have to copy the values from the right sub array. Okay. So if we save and test it so we have the merge sort, we have merge sort with the nums, we have sort and we have the show array. Or let's check what is the method name. Okay. Sorry for that. Of course we have to set it to public to be able to call it from outside. So if we save and run it we have minus one 0011, two, two, two, three, five and seven. I guess it is working fine. What if we have just two items? Two and one? It is working fine. What if we have, for example, one zero and minus one? Let's see whether it is working. Fine. Okay. What if we have items in descending order? And of course the algorithm is going to end up with ascending order. So we should get one, two, three, four and five. What if we have items? Something like this? We have three, two and one and one. If we save and run it, then we get minus one zero, one, one, two, three, four, four and five, which means that it is working fine. This is how we can implement merge sort. Thanks for watching.