In this lecture, we are going to visualize the relationship between merge sort algorithm and the stack memory. Okay. So first of all, we have the data set. We would like to sort. We are going to sort integers three, two, six, four and one. Okay. So this is the data set we would like to sort. We will have the stack memory and we are going to pile up the recursive function calls and of course we have the source code. So merge sort is a recursive function of course, because it is a divide and conquer algorithm. We keep splitting the original data set into smaller and smaller subarrays until the data set contains just a single item. Of course single items are sorted by default, so this is when we return. Okay, so this is the base case of the algorithm. And then what do we have to do? We have to split the original data set into a left subarray and a right Subarray And we have to call the sort function recursively on the left side and the right side, of course, until the algorithm hits the base case. And after that, what do we have to do? We have to merge these arrays. So what does it mean that if the array contains just a single item, then we keep merging the given items and we do the same with larger and larger subarrays. So in this case, we are not going to bother with the concrete implementation of the merge operation. But of course the merge is going to merge the Subarrays. So this is what we have been talking about in one of the previous lectures that as far as the merge operation is concerned, we are going to take two subarrays and we will end up with the sorted array. So as you can see, we have managed to merge the left subarray and the right subarray into a result array containing all the items in sorted order as you can see. Okay. So first of all, what's going to happen? We call the sort function with the original data set three, two, six four and one. Of course, because it is not the base case, then we are going to split the original data set into a left subarray and the right subarray. So the left Subarray will contain items three and two. The right Subarray will contain items six, four and one. Then what do we have to do? Of course we are going to call the function recursively on the left Subarray. So we are going to deal with three and two. Of course, because it is not the base case, we are going to split this array again. This is the aim of divide and conquer approaches. So we are going to split the array into a left sub array containing just a single item value three and the right sub array containing a single item value two. After that, what do we have to do? We have to call the same function recursively and in this case we hit the base case because the underlying data structure contains just a single item. This is the value three. So what does it mean that we have to return? Okay, so in this case, we return to the previous function call. So the previous function call is going to execute the other operations in the given function call. So in this case, we have already called the sort function recursively on the left side, this is where we return, which means that the given function continues with the execution and we call the function recursively on the right sub array. The right subarray again contains just a single item value two. Okay. So if we call this function recursively, then it is the base case because it contains just a single item and we return. So what does it mean? We have the left sub array and the right sub array and we have to merge the arrays. The merge operation is going to make sure that the result is going to be the sorted order. So two and three is going to be the sorted order of this sub array. Basically we are dealing with this sub array of the original array three and two. Okay. Then this is the last operation in that given function call. So what's going to happen? The stack memory is going to remove a given stack frame if we call return or if the given function has executed every single operation. Of course we have executed the merge operation. That is the last operation for the given function. So we are going to return. And as you can see, the left sub array has been sorted. Two and three is going to be the sorted order of that given sub array. Then what do we have to do? We have to call the sort function recursively on the right sub array. So six four and one. Of course it is not the base case. So what do we have to do? We have to split that given array into a left sub array and the right sub array. Then we call the sort function recursively on the left sub array. And of course this is the base case because there's just a single item in the data structure. Of course this is the basic principle. Behind merge sort that a given data structure containing just a single item is sorted by default. So if we have a single item with value six of course it is in its sorted position, then we have to call the same function on the right sub array with values four and one. Okay. It is not the base case. So we keep splitting the data set into a left sub array and the right sub array and we call the functions recursively until we hit the base case. In this case we return and of course we call the same function recursively on the right sub array with value one. Of course we hit the base case, so we return again. What does it mean that we have already sorted the value? Four We have already sorted the value one so we can merge the given data structures. And of course if we merge the two data structures then we will end up with the sorted order one and four. This is the last operation of that given function call. So it is going to be removed from the stack memory and we return to the previous function call. So as you can see, before returning to the previous function call here, the right sub array is containing values four and one. After we have sorted that given sub array and we return, then we have the sorted order one and four. So in this case, what's going to happen? We have already sorted the left sub array. Recursively, we have already sorted the right subarray recursively. So we are going to merge the given items. One, four and six is going to be the sorted order of the right sub array as you can see. So we are going to return to the previous function call. So what does it mean that we have already sorted the left subarray two and three? We have already sorted the right subarray one, four and six, so we are going to call the merge function one last time and this is how we end up with the final solution. One, two, three, four and six. So this is how we can use divide and conquer approach. So basically this is how we can split the problem into smaller and smaller sub problems until we come to the conclusion that the given sub problem is just a single item. And then we have to merge the sub results in order to get the final solution. 12346 is the sorted order of the original data set. So this is how merge sort works under the hood. By the way, divide and conquer approaches, so recursive approaches rely extremely heavily on the stack memory. So these algorithms are going to store these variables on the stack memory of the operating system. So this is how we can use the stack memory in order to achieve merge sort. Thanks for watching.