In the previous lectures we have been talking about sequential merge sort. As far as the theory and the concrete implementation is concerned and of course it is extremely crucial because we are going to compare the sequential approach and the parallel approach. So as far as parallel merge sort is concerned, we are going to use merge sort under the hood, which is a divide and conquer algorithm. So we keep splitting the original array into smaller and smaller subarrays until every single subarray contains just a single item that is sorted by default. And then we keep merging these arrays until we get the sorted result. And of course we can run this algorithm in a parallel manner, which means that we will split the original array into as many chunks as the number of processors or processor cores. So the number of processors defined the number of subarrays we sort in the parallel manner. So we are not going to create as many threads as the number of subarrays because this is what we have been talking about in the previous lectures, that it is quite expensive for the operating system to switch the context between the given threads because the operating system has to save the variables the given state and it has to load the other threads related information. So this is why we are not going to create a huge number of threads. We are going to create as many threads as the number of processors. Of course, this is how we will be able to run the algorithm in parallel. So instead of multi threading and time slicing, we are going to execute all the threads simultaneously. Okay? So if we have two processors or two processor cores, then we will split the original array into two halves and of course we will use sequential merge sort on the left, Subarray sequential sort on the right. Subarray these operations will be executed simultaneously. So in a parallel manner and then we have to merge the results. If we have three processors or three processor cores, then we split the original array into three. And of course we use sequential merge sort on the left, subarray on the middle array and on the right. Subarray And finally we are going to use a sequential merge operation in order to merge the sub results. And by the way, it is extremely crucial that the merge part is sequential by default. So this is when the threads have to wait for each other to finish with their computation. Of course you may guess that if we have a smaller sub array, for example, the numbers in yellow three and one, it is a smaller sub array than the left subarray 32 -12 and zero. So of course we have to wait for both of the sub arrays to be sorted, otherwise we wouldn't get the sorted order. So we have a given thread for the yellow items. We have a given thread associated with the green items. We have to do merge sort in a parallel manner for both of these sub arrays. But of course we have to make sure that these threads will wait for each other to finish before the merge operation. What is the merge operation? This is when we merge two sorted subarrays into a final subarray. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lecture when we have discussed sequential merge sort. Okay. So we have been talking about the implementation of sequential merge sort. We just have to calculate the middle index and then we have to call merge sort recursively on the left subarray merge sort recursively on the right sub array and then we have to merge the results. So as far as merge operation is concerned, we have to consider the smallest values. This is how we will end up with ascending order, starting with the smaller items up to the larger items. And then we have to copy the rest of the left side of the array and copy the rest of the right side of the array. This is exactly what we have been talking about in the previous lectures. So what we have to do is that we have to modify this implementation. So let's copy the merge sort clause and of course we will deal with parallel merge sort. So this is the name of the class we are considering and what do we have to do? First of all, let's create a method to create a given thread so we have the private. It will return with a thread, we have the create thread and we have several parameters. So we have an integer low index that's going to represent the first item we are going to include in that given array. This is the low index. Then of course we have the integer high index. So the index of the last item we include in that given sub array and we have to track the number of threads. So of course this is what we have been talking about a few minutes earlier, that we are not going to create a huge amount. Of threads because it is rather expensive. We are going to create as many threads as the number of processor cores available on my machine. There are eight processor cores available, so this is why at the beginning the number of threads is equals to eight. And what do we have to do? We have to return with a new thread and we have to override the run method. So what does it mean exactly that whenever we start the given thread, this run method will be executed automatically? So here, what do we have to do? We have to call parallel, parallel merge sort method with the low, with the high index and of course the number of threads. But we have to divide it by two. So this is what we have been talking about, that if we have, for example, a one dimensional array, one, two, three, four, five, six and seven, and we want to sort it with the help of merge sort, then we keep splitting the array into a left sub array and a right sub array. So basically this is why we divide the number of threads by two because until we are able to assign the tasks to new processors or processor cores, then we will use a thread for the left sub array and for the right sub array. Of course we have to check in later implementation whether to use more threads or not. But anyways, this is the parallel merge sort method we are going to use. So we have a public void parallel merge sort with an integer, low index integer high index and of course we have the number of threads. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to check that if the number of threads is smaller or equal to one, it means that there is no more processor cores to run the sub procedure in a parallel manner. So we have no other option but to use sequential merge sort. This is exactly what we have been talking about, that if we have just two processor cores, then we will have two threads, one thread assigned to the left sub array, another thread assigned to the right sub array and we are going to use sequential merge sort to sort these sub arrays one by one. Okay. So what do we have to do? We have to use the standard merge sort with low index and high index accordingly. And then we have to return of course. Anyways, we have to calculate the middle index which is equals to the low index plus high index divided by two. So this is how we calculate the index of the middle item. So let's use middle index and then we have to create a thread for the left. This is the left sorter, which is equals to and we have to call this create thread method with low with the middle index and of course the number of thread. Okay, so this is how we sort the left subarray in a parallel manner if it is possible. Because of course if the number of thread is smaller or equal to one, then we will use sequential merge sort. But until then we will assign a distinct thread to the left sub array and to the right sub array, which means that we will sort these arrays in a parallel manner. So we have the middle index plus one. This is how we sort the right sub array and we have the high and of course after that we have to start these threads. So left sorter dot start. Sorry for that. We have the sorter not sorted but sorter sorry for that left sorter. And of course we have to do approximately the same with the right sorter. And of course what's extremely crucial that the merge part is sequential, so threads have to wait for each other to finish with the operation. Of course we have to sort the left sub array in a parallel manner, the right sub array in a parallel manner. But if we want to merge the results, then we have to make sure that both of the sub arrays are sorted, which means that we have to wait for them to finish execution. So that sorter dot join. Okay. We have to surround it with trycatch. Okay. Of course we have to do the same with the right sorter. So we have the right sorter and we have to make sure that we wait for the other threads to finish with the execution. So we wait for both of the threads and then what do we have to do? We can call the sequential merge method. So this is the merge method we have implemented during sequential merge sort implementation with low, with middle index and with high. So basically this is a parallel algorithm and this is a sequential merge operation. Okay. So in the next lecture we are going to compare sequential merge sort and parallel merge sort running time. Thanks for watching.