In this lecture, we are going to compare the sequential merge sort and the parallel merge sort implementation. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's define a private static void integer method that's going to return with a one dimensional array of integer create array and we can define the number of items we would like to store in the one dimensional array. So first of all, let's define the one dimensional array is a new integer array for N items, and then we have to generate random items. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's create a new random like this. Of course we have to import Java.util dot random for integer I is equals to zero. I is less than n. Of course we have to increment I by one. And of course in every single iteration we can generate a random integer. So next integer within the range zero and for example n. Okay, so this is how we will generate a random number within the range zero and N for every single integer. So A with index I and of course finally we can return with this a one dimensional array. Okay? So in the main method we can get the number of threads with the help of runtime get runtime, and here we can use several crucial methods. For example, we can get the available processors that returns the number of processors available to the Java virtual machine. Okay, so if we do something like this, then let's system.out and print l n the number of threads. Okay. So if we save and run the application, then we will get the number of available processors. And as you can see, I have 16 processor cores available to the Java virtual machine. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's test the parallel merge sort and after that let's test the sequential merge sort algorithm. So what do we have to do? First of all, let's create a one dimensional array and of course we can call the create array method, for example, for 1 million items or 10 million items just for demonstration purposes, we can do the same. So we create an integer one dimensional array numbers two, which is equals to a new one dimensional array for as many items as the first array. And then we have to copy all the items from the first array to the second array. So we have to create a simple for loop integer. I zero. I is less than the numbers one dot length i plus plus. And what do we have to do? Of course we have to copy some numbers to with index I is equals to numbers one with index i. Okay. So if we do something like this then we will have the same one dimensional array of 10 million items. So we will use the first array for parallel merge sort and we will use the second array for sequential merge sort. We just want to make sure that we are dealing with the same amount of integers and of course with the exact same values. Okay. So first of all we have to instantiate the parallel merge sort clause here. We have to define the one dimensional array of integers and then what do we have to do? We have to call the parallel merge sort method. So first of all, we have to measure the running time. So this is why we get the current time in milliseconds. Then we call parallel sorter parallel merge sort starting with zero. So starting with the first item and the last item of course. And of course we are dealing with the number of threads on my machine. There's going to be 16 independent threads because I have 16 processor cores. Then we have to measure the end time. And finally we print out that time taken with parallel algorithm. And of course we have to calculate the end time one minus the start time one. So if we save and run the algorithm, then as you can see, we can sort 10 million integers with the help of parallel merge, sort with just approximately 270 milliseconds. It is extremely fast. What about sequential merge sort? First we have to reinitialize the start time one as system.currenttimemillis. Then we have to instantiate the sequential merge sort as a new merge sort and we are dealing with the second array. Then we call the sequential merge sort starting with the first item up to the last item minus one because indices starts with zero. Then we calculate the end time. By the way, we don't have to use one so we can use something like this and it is going to work just fine. Okay. And finally. We can print out that time taken with sequential merge sort and we print out the time. So if we save and run the application, then as you can see, the parallel sorting approach is approximately four times faster than the sequential approach. And of course the more items we want to sort, the larger the difference between the two approaches. So if we are sorting 100 million integers, we save and rerun the application, then let's wait for Java to finish with the calculation. As you can see, it is approximately two seconds with Parallelization and we have to wait for the sequential approach to finish. As you can see, it is approximately 13 seconds with the sequential approach, which means that Parallelization is approximately six times faster. So this is why parallel algorithms are extremely powerful. And of course the more processor cores we have, the larger the difference between the parallel approach and the sequential approach. By the way, we can print out that if we have just ten items, then let's take a look whether it is working fine or not in the sense that we can call the parallel sorter show results. So I want to show that it is working fine. 0133345688. So we will get the sorted order. Our parallel sorting algorithm is working fine. Okay, so this is how we can boost sequential merge sort with the help of multiple processors. Thanks for watching.