In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the so called parallel sum problem. So what is the problem? The problem itself is that we have a one dimensional array and we want to calculate the sum of the values you may pose the question that, okay, is it an important problem to deal with? And the answer is rather counterintuitive because, yes, this is an extremely important problem. For example, in machine learning and computer vision, when we are dealing with computer vision related approaches, we are dealing with pixel intensity values and pixel intensity. Values are essentially integers. And for example, when we are dealing with so-called haar features. Haar features are one dimensional arrays of pixel intensities and we have to calculate the sum of these pixel intensities or the sum of the pixel intensities within a given region. So it is quite often in machine learning that we have to calculate the sum of integers as fast as possible and we will come to the conclusion during the implementation that parallelization is extremely powerful. Of course, parallel approach is faster than sequential approach. So what is the sequential approach? The standard approach is to consider all the items one by one in linear running time complexity, which means that we have to consider all the items exactly once and we have to sum up the values. So 32 -12 plus zero plus three plus one plus 12 plus 20. This is the standard approach. And of course we can do a bit better if we have multiple processor cores. So the parallel approach is that we split the original array into n chunks where N is the number of processors or processor cores. And of course after we split the original array into n chunks, we do n linear searches independently. And of course finally we have to merge the result. So what do we have to do? For example, if we are dealing with two processors or two processor cores, then we split the original array into two independent subarrays and we do the sum operation simultaneously. So we have the left sub array and with some 32 -12, zero and three, and we have another thread that will independently calculate one plus 12 plus 20. And of course after that we have to sum up the sub results in order to get the final result. If we are dealing with three processors or three processor cores, then of course we have to split the original array into three independent chunks. And of course we have to do a linear search in every single Subarray. Of course, it is crucial that the final operation is sequential, so the threads have to wait for each other to finish. Of course, if we have already calculated three plus one, then we have to wait for the other threads to finish with the calculation. If we want to come up with the valid result. So we have to make sure that the other thread sums up 32 -12 and zero. And after all the threads have finished with the calculation, we can consider the result of the sub arrays. And of course we have to sum them up in order to calculate the total sum of the one dimensional array. In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the concrete implementation and it is going to be clear that how to deal with multiple threads, how to make sure that the threads will wait for each other and of course how to do the final operation. Thanks for watching.