In this lecture, we are going to talk about the implementation of sequential sum. So basically a simple linear search algorithm. So first we have to create a new Java project, for example, the sum problem. And it is going to be just fine. Let's right click create a new class for sequential sum and the package name is my brand name Global Software Support. Okay, so if we use something like this, of course we need a class for the application with the public static void main method. So what do we have to do? This is going to be a linear running time algorithm with order and running time. So we have to consider all the items. So what does it mean public? It is going to return with an integer. So essentially the algorithm is going to sum up the values in a one dimensional array and it is going to return with the result. So we have the sum and of course it gets a one dimensional array of numbers. So what do we have to do? We have to iterate through starting with zero because indices starts with zero. In Java, I is less than the nums dot length. And of course plus plus I we have to increment I in every iteration. Of course we have to define the integer sum at the beginning it is zero. And what do we have to do? We have to plus equals to the nums one dimensional array with index I So this is how we iterate through the one dimensional array of integers and we sum up the values. And of course, finally we have to return with the sum. So as you can see, it contains a simple for loop. We consider as many items as the number of values we would like to sum up. So this is why this is a typical linear running time algorithm. Order N Okay, so if we have something like this, then what do we have to do? First, we have to define the one dimensional array of items just for demonstration purposes. We have one, two, three, four and five. So for example, we would like to calculate the sum of the first five integers, and then we have to instantiate the sequential sum as sequential is a new sequential sum. Okay, something like this. And then we have to print out System.out.println, the sequential. So we have sequential dot sum and we have to define the one dimensional array of integers we would like to sum. So if we have something like this, we save and run the application. Then of course one plus two plus three plus four plus five is equals to 15, which means that it is working fine. This is the very, very simple implementation of the sequential sum operation. In the coming lectures, we are going to talk about the parallel implementation of the same problem, and then we are going to compare the running time of these approaches. Thanks for watching.