In the previous lecture, we have been talking about the implementation of the sequential sum algorithm. And in this lecture we are going to talk about how to implement the same problem with Parallelization. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to create a parallel worker that's going to sum up the integers within a given range. So that's why it implements the runnable interface. Or another solution is that it extends and this is exactly what we are going to do. It extends the thread class, which means that we can override the run method. So right click, we can source, override, implement methods, and we can override the run method. So this is the method that's going to be executed with the help of a distinct thread. But what's crucial that we have to define several field variables. First of all, we will get the entire integer one dimensional array. So these are the numbers we would like to sum up. We will get integer low index and we will have a private integer high index. So first of all, let's talk about these parameters. The one dimensional array of integers will store all the values. For example, we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, up to eight. These are the values we would like to sum up. Let's assume that we have two processors. So what does it mean? We are going to split the array into two sub arrays, for example, with one, two, three, four. This is going to be the first array and five, six, seven, eight, this is going to be the second array. So we will sum up these values in a parallel manner with the help of the first thread. And we will sum up these values with the help of the second thread independently in a parallel manner. And of course the low index is going to point to the first item of the actual sub array. The high index is pointing to the last item of the sub array. As far as the other one dimensional array is concerned, the low index is pointing to the first item. The high index is pointing to the last item. So this is why we need the one dimensional array of all the items and we have the low and the high values. As far as the first array is concerned, what is the low? The low is equals to zero. What is the high? The high is equals to zero, one, two and three as far as the next array is concerned, because we are dealing with the same one dimensional array, the low index is not going to be zero, but it is going to be zero, one, two, three and four. What's going to be the high five, six, seven? So because we are dealing with a single one dimensional array without splitting it, this is why we have to store a reference to the low and the high indices that are pointing to the first and last item of the sub array accordingly. Okay, so that's all about the low and the high. So what do we have to do? A given thread is going to sum up all the values within the range, low and high. So what do we have to do? We have to define partial sum. It is equals to zero, or we can define it as a field variable. So we have the partial sum and the partial sum is initialized to be zero. For integer I is equals to the low. I is less than the high. Of course we have to increment the value of I by one. And then what do we have to do? Partial sum plus equals to the numbers one dimensional array at index I. So this is how we sum up all the integers within the range, low and high. And of course we need the getter for the partial sum. So we have a public integer, get partial sum and of course what do we have to do? We have to return with the partial sum and if we save, then this is going to be a thread that's going to sum up a range within the one dimensional array in a parallel manner. So with the help of a single processor core and of course we are going to create as many threads as the number of available processors. So these threads are going to execute the given operation simultaneously at the same time. Okay. And we have to create another class, the so-called parallel sum here. We have to store a reference, private parallel worker, one dimensional array. These are going to be the workers. Of course, there are as many parallel workers as the number of available processor cores. And of course we have a private integer number of threads which is equal to the number of available processors as well. So we have the public parallel sum, so the constructor with the integer number of threads. So what do we have to do? This dot number of threads is equals to the number of threads. And what do we have to do? We have to instantiate the workers as a new parallel worker, one dimensional array for as many items as the number of threads. And then we have a method public. It is going to return with the result. So the sum itself, we have the sum, of course, we get a one dimensional array of integers, the numbers. So what do we have to do? First of all, we have to split the original array into multiple subarrays so we have the size of a single chunk. We have to cause the result math dot seal And what do we have to do? We have to divide the numbers dot length by the number of threads, but of course it is going to be an integer division. And of course we don't want to do that. So we do something like this. And of course the seal function returns the smallest double value that is greater than or equals to the argument and is equals to the value that is greater than or equal to the argument. So, for example, if we assume that we have one, two, three, four, five and six items and we have two available processor cores, then the number of threads is equals to two. The number of items in the one dimensional array is equals to six. Six divided by two is equals to three. So the size is going to define the number of items. We have to sum up with the help of a single thread. One, two, three is the first chunk. Four, five, six is the second chunk. Okay. So we iterate through integer. I is zero. I is less than the number of threads. And of course plus plus I. So what do we have to do? We have to make sure that the workers with index I is equals to a new parallel worker. And what do we have to do? This is exactly what we have implemented. We have to define the one dimensional array, the low index and the high index. So sorry for that. Let's generate a constructor right click source Generate constructor using fields the nums low and high. So as far as the partial worker clause is concerned, of course we have to get the integers, the low index and the high index accordingly. So this is exactly what we are after. So here we have to define the numbers. One dimensional array. The low index is I multiplied by the size and the high index is I plus one multiplied by the size. Okay. So this is the low index and this is the high index. So if we have, for example, one, two, three, four, five and six items and we have two available processor cores, which means that we will have two threads one, two, three and four, five, six. These are going to be the subarrays. Then as you can see, this formula is going to work fine for the first array. The low index is zero and three exclusive. So the index two is going to be the last item we will consider and it is absolutely fine. And of course in the next iteration, when I is equals to one, one times three is three. So the low index will point to four and I plus one multiplied by the size is equals to six exclusive, which means that six will be the last item to include as far as the second subarray is concerned. So as you can see, it is working fine. This is exactly what we are after. Of course, after that we have to start. So workers I dot start because this worker is a thread we can call the start method. If we call the start method, then the run method will be executed, which means that the given thread will sum up the value of the one dimensional array within the range, low and high. And of course it is crucial that the final operation is sequential, so the threads have to wait for each other. So whenever we calculate the sum of the first subarray, the sum of the second Subarray the sum of the third Subarray, then of course, we have to sum up these values in order to get the final result. So what do we have to do? We have a try. Catch block. As usual, we will get interrupted. Exception as E and just for demonstration purposes, we just print out the stack trace. And what do we have to do? We have to iterate through the parallel worker as worker. This dot workers and what do we have to do? Worker dot join. So this is how we make sure that the threads will wait for each other to finish with the operation. And after that we have to sum up the sub results. So what do we have to do? We have to define a total variable zero for parallel worker. Worker As workers, we have to make sure that the total is plus equals to the worker. Get partial sum. So we have to consider the sub results one by one, and we have to sum it up. And finally, we have to return with the total. That's going to be the solution of our algorithm. Okay, so that's all about the parallel implementation of the same problem. What's crucial that we can check whether it is working fine or not. So instead of the sequential sum, we have the parallel sum as the parallel. Okay. So we have to do something like this. Of course, we have to get the runtime, get runtime available processors as the number of threads. So this is going to be the N number of threads. And then we have to print out the parallel sum as far as the numbers are concerned, and let's make sure that we are using more numbers. And if we save and run the application, it is not going to work fine. So we will get an array index out of bound exception and sorry for that. It happens because in the parallel worker Java class, whenever we are dealing with the lost item, we have to make sure that the high is initialized to be the length of the one dimensional array. So what do we have to do? We have to use math dot min as far as the nums dot length is concerned and as far as the high index is concerned. So if we save and rerun the application, then as you can see, it is going to work just fine. In the next lecture we are going to compare the parallel implementation and the sequential implementation. Thanks for watching.