In this lecture, we are going to compare the sequential sum and the parallel sum algorithms. So first of all, we have a one dimensional array of integers. What we are going to do is that we are going to generate a huge amount of random integers. So first of all, let's instantiate Java.util dot random and then we have to create a one dimensional array of integers. So we instantiate the one dimensional array and for example, we are going to store 10 million integers. So what do we have to do for integer? I is zero. I is less than 10 million. So let's copy and paste it here. Of course. Plus plus I. So in every single iteration we increment the value of I by one and nums with index I is equals to a new random value next integer within the range zero up to for example 100. So we don't want to generate such large numbers. Okay. Then we have to get the available processors. It is crucial for the parallel algorithm. So this is the parallel algorithm and we have the sequential algorithm. So we have the sequential sum algorithm. So because we want to measure the running time, this is why we get the current time in milliseconds. This is the start. And of course before that we instantiate the sequential sum as sequential is equals to a new sequential sum. Then we print out so system.out and println that the sum is equals to and we append the sequential dot sum. And of course we have to define the one dimensional array of integers. This is going to work just fine. And what do we have to print out? We have to print out the time. So system.out and println. The time and we append the system dot current time in milliseconds minus the start. Okay, so this is how we measure the running time of the sequential sum algorithm. Then we instantiate parallel sum and we reinitialize the start to the actual time. We print out the parallel dot sum on the one dimensional array of integers and then we print out the time taken. So what do we have to do? The time is equals to the actual time minus the start. So this is how we can measure the running time of the parallel sum algorithm. So if we use, for example, just for demonstration purposes, 100 items, then of course the parallel algorithm is going to be slower because we are using so many threads, so many processors and so on. So if we save and run the algorithm, then we can come to the conclusion that as you can see, the parallel approach is slower. The sum is the same with the sequential approach and the parallel approach, of course. Okay, so let's check what if we are dealing with 10 million items? So if we have 10 million items, we save and run the algorithm. As you can see, the result is approximately the same, which means that the parallel approach is slower If we are not dealing with an extremely large amount of items. If we want to calculate the sum of 100 million items, then let's see what's going to happen. I save and rerun the algorithm In this case, as you can see, the running time is approximately the same. And if we want to calculate the sum of 1 billion items, we save and rerun the application. This is when the parallel approach will be faster for sure. Okay, the sum is not going to work fine because this is a typical case of integer overflow in the sense that we are not able to represent such a huge integer on 32 bits. But anyways, if we consider the running time, as you can see, the parallel approach is approximately twice as fast as the standard approach. So we can come to the conclusion again that Parallelization is working fine. But if we are dealing with just a few items, up to several million items, then usually the sequential approach is better. If we have an extremely large amount of data, this is when parallelization can prove to be extremely powerful. By the way, usually in modern applications such as Facebook, Instagram or other applications, of course we have to deal with an extremely large amount of data or for example, when we are dealing with machine learning approaches or big data related problems, of course we have to handle a large data set. So this is why Parallelization is extremely powerful when we are dealing with an extremely large amount of data set. Okay, So that's all about. Parallelization. Thanks for watching.