In the previous lectures, we have been talking about parallelization and how to design parallel algorithms. And in this lecture we have to talk about Amdahl's law that defines the limitation of parallelization. So first of all, this flow describes the maximum speed up you can expect when only part of a program can be parallelized. And you may pose the question that why do we have to bother with something like that? Because in real world applications, not all the operations can be parallelized. For example, if we consider merge sort, it is a divide and conquer algorithm. The divide part can be run in parallel, but the merge operations are sequential by default. It is sequential because it involves comparing elements from two sorted subarrays and combining them into a new array. This is inherently order dependent, so you must look at both arrays, actual elements to decide which goes next. And Amdahl's law states that the speedup of a program using multiple processors in parallel computing is limited by the sequential portion of the program. So even if you use 100 processors, if 10% of your program is sequential, that can be parallelized. That part becomes a bottleneck. So let's take a look at the mathematical formulation. It defines the speedup. And this is a function of the number of processors or processor cores which is equals to one divided by one minus p plus p divided by n. And of course n is the number of processors or cores. As we discussed earlier, capital P is the fraction of the application that can be parallelized, and one minus P is the fraction of the application that cannot be parallelized. So this is the sequential part that must run on one processor. And we can come to the conclusion based on this formula that as you increase the number of processors, if your sequential part is too large, you will hit a hard limit. For example, if 10% of your code is sequential, the maximum theoretical speedup is ten x, no matter how many processors you use. So we can take a look at the chart. It is present on Wikipedia. And we can come to the conclusion that, for example, if 50% of the application can be parallelized and 50% is sequential by default, we cannot do better than to x, so we can double the speed of the application, but we cannot do any better. And we can come to the conclusion that if 95% of the application can be parallel and only 5% of the application is sequential by default, which means that cannot be parallelized, then we cannot exceed 20 x no matter how many processors we use. As you can see, even if we use 65,000 processors, we cannot exceed 20 x as the speed up. So this slow is crucial because in theory, we may come to the conclusion that okay, if we have a problem, we just have to use parallel computing because modern computers have multiple processors or processor cores. But it is a bit more complicated because usually an application has a part that must be executed sequentially, and it defines an upper limit for the speed up. That's all about Amdahl's law. Thanks for watching.