So let's get started writing our first custom React code by building our first custom component. As mentioned, components are these functions that return JSX code and as a React developer you'll write dozens, and hundreds, and thousands of those components to build up your React applications. Now we're about to build a Twitter-like demo application where random people can post their stuff for the entire world to read it, amazing. And along the way, whilst building that application, that demo website, we'll dive into many core React features. And we'll get started now by building our first custom component. Now for this demo application which we're about to build, there are actually multiple possible components we could identify. We could, for example, build this button as a separate component. Or this list of posts of tweets, if you wanna call it like this. Or the individual tweets. And indeed, that is how you should think of components and React applications. We have all these building blocks, and we then build the overall UI by combining them. Now, of course, you don't have to put every single character into its own component but it makes sense to group related functionalities together into different building blocks. And here we could, for example, start by taking a closer look at the individual posts. And the first custom component, which I wanna build together with you, therefore, is a component for such a single post. And later, we'll be able to then output multiple posts based on that custom component. Now therefore, back in this project, which I gave you, I'll go to that source folder and in there add a new folder called components. Now this name is up to you. You don't have to name this folder, components. You don't even have to create a folder in the first place, but it makes sense to group your component files together into such a folder. Now this app JSX file, which technically also contains that component, is not part of that folder because that will soon be our root component. And I'll get back to the concept of our root component later. So for the moment, let's go to components. And in there I'll add a new file called post.jsx. The name is of course up to you, but post makes sense, since we're about to add the code that defines a single post in there. The markup that defines a single post, for example, and the .jsx is required because we plan on writing of JSX code in there. If we had just .js that would work in projects created with create React app, but Vite projects actually want .jsx to support JSX code in JavaScript files. And now as a next step, we have to create a function. Because React components are just functions. It's as simple as that regular JavaScript functions with one special gotcha though, the name of your functions should start with an uppercase character. And, of course, the name also should describe what this component will be about. So here I plan on defining the markup that defines an individual post in that grid of posts. And therefore, I'll name the function post like this. And the upper-case starting character is important, it's not required technically in here but it is a recommendation, and it will be required later. Now, this function should be exported so that it can be used in our code files as well. And for that, you can use the standard modern JavaScript export syntax, where you either export it like this by adding the export keyword in front of the function or as a file default. And the only difference is then regarding how you import that function in another file. So here I export it as a default. And now in that function, as mentioned before, we should return some JSX code, because that is what turns a regular function into a React component. It's really only the fact that you start with an upper-case character and even more important that you return some JSX code. Now for a single post to get started here, we could return a div, and then in there may be a paragraph where we output the name of the author of the post. And below that another paragraph with the post body like React.js is awesome. Now, after hitting my auto format shortcut here in VS code, I get this function and that is now indeed our first custom React component. But, of course, if we just add this file like this, and save all changes, nothing changes on the screen. And by the way, you must make sure to keep that NPM run dev process here up and running. In case of a create React app project, it was NPM start with vite its NPM run dev, and this starts a development server which watches your code files, serves your website on the address that's being output here in the terminal, in my case, local host 5173 so that you can preview your React website there as you are building it. And it will automatically reload the website here and update the website and update what you see on the screen as you make and save changes to your code. So that's why this process must keep up and running. But with that, we still don't see our post content here. We still see, Hello World. The reason for that is that I created this component, this post component in a separate file but I'm not using it anywhere. It's the same as with a regular JavaScript function. If I add a function called, add, where I do something, even if I export that function it's still not getting used anywhere. Instead, exporting is just the first step to make it usable outside of this file. But we then have to use the function outside of this file. And it's the same with this component function. Now the place where we want to use our component functions is inside of JSX code of other components. So you build your complex user interfaces by combining components with each other and nesting components into each other. Now at the moment we have two places where we do have some JSX code in use. That's the main JSX file where we pass some JSX code to render and app JSX where I return, Hello World. Now in both places we could output our post component, but typically, when building React user interfaces, you have one root component. So one single component that's being output in main JSX and in this case, that would be the app component here. And then inside of that component, inside of the app component in this case, and any components used by that component, you use your other components. So the post component should be used in the JSX code of the app component. So there, instead of outputting Hello World, we could output post like this. Now in order to use it, we have to import that component function though and we do that by using the import keyword and then post from ./components/Post. And the file extension should be omitted, as mentioned. But you have to specify the full relative path from app JSX to that post .jsx file. So with that, we're importing this post component function and even though it's a function, we're not using it like you would normally use functions by executing it, but instead, we're using it like an HTML element, in this JSX code that's returned by app. In this case, it's the only element that's returned. And that's the special thing about your component functions. They are standard JavaScript functions but you can use them in JSX code and behind the scenes React will basically execute your component functions for you. Take a look at the html Vite JSX code to be precise, that's returned by them. And then build the overall user interface and render it to the screen. That's what React is doing for you. So React is then generating the browser instructions that are needed to bring your HTML code to life in the browser. Now what's really important is that, in the place where you use a component function in JSX code, like we're doing it here with post or in main JSX with app, your component functions must start with an uppercase character. It's optional in the file where you define them, but there you typically also start their names with an uppercase character. But it's absolutely required in the places where you use your components. So in app JSX where I import post from the post JSX file, this name here post must start with an uppercase character. It should not start with a lowercase character because in the JSX code you add to your components elements that start with a lowercase character are considered to be default elements. So React will try to find a default HTML element with that name, which it would not find in case of post. And elements starting with the uppercase character are considered to be custom components. And in that case, React will go ahead and execute your custom component function as mentioned before. But that's why default elements like div are written like this and do not start with an upper-case character, but your own components must start with an upper-case character when using them in JSX. And that's really an important rule to memorize. But with all of that out of the way, if we save everything, we get this content on the screen. And this is now the content we defined in our own post component here. So even though it's not super fancy and definitely not interactive in any way, it is our first custom component defined and used in our React project.