So we got a reusable component but one thing's missing. I guess a lot of things are still missing here but one thing that's missing on our component here is some styling. We have some white text and right now it's not even easy to tell where one component ends and the next one begins. I mean, we know because we created it. This name is the start of the second time we're using this component of the second component instance, therefore, but it's not obvious to see. And in general, typically you wanna style your components and not just at the markup. Just as for any website, you don't just want the HTML code, you instead also want styling. Now for React, there is an endless amount of styling solutions and I talk more about different approaches for styling components in my complete guide course. You can for example, add inline styles by adding the style attribute to your elements. Now here, the important thing to understand though is that you should not add your styles like this. So some string, some text that defines your styles but that instead you should add a dynamic value and then pass a JavaScript object as a value. So this is not some special double curly braces syntax, instead it's still the same single curly braces syntax we used down there, but with the object passed as a value to the style prop. And then in that object you set your styles like for example, color red and text aligned left if you would want to make it really ugly. With that code, we would get that styling and yeah... But that's one way of styling but just as with vanilla HTML and CSS, typically you don't wanna use inline styles. Instead, it's considered better practice to put your CSS code into CSS files. And indeed this project has one CSS file with some styles being predefined. And what you could do is add a class to your div and then for example, give this a class of post to then set the appropriate styles in index.css. But wait a second, did I just write className here instead of class? Yes, I did. The JSX code you write might look like HTML code but it actually isn't HTML code. Instead it is a JavaScript version of HTML and some HTML attributes have different names here. Now, to be honest, not too many, so nothing to worry about. But class is one of the most important attributes that has a different name when writing JSX code. Instead of assigning CSS classes with the class attribute, you instead use className. Now there are some technical reasons for that, that the JavaScript elements that are created under the hood have className as a property name for setting CSS classes but those details aren't too important too keep in mind. Instead, what is important to keep in mind is that CSS className are added to elements with the className prop and not with just class. But with that name being used, you can then set any className of your choice. And if we use post here, we could for example add a post class here in the index.css file to give this a background color of light blue. And if we do that, we would see that background color here. Obviously still ugly, but that's another approach for assigning styles. We can set up global CSS classes here and assign their classNames like this. But besides the fact that this is rather ugly, which of course is a problem that could be solved, there is another problem related to this approach. When using global classNames you could have name clashes in bigger, more complex projects. You could have multiple components that use the post className internally, for example and your globally defined CSS classes could then clash with each other. Put in other words, you might prefer to scope CSS styles to your different components so that styles applied to the post component really only affect that component and can't possibly clash with other styles in other components. And React projects created with Create React App or Vite, also support a solution for that problem. Instead of defining the post style like this, you can add a dedicated CSS file which I'll name Post.module.css, which should typically be located next to the JSX file though it's not technically required, it's just a convention. What is technically required though, is that the file name is Post.module and then .css the extension but the .module part is important. This tells Vite or Create React App that you wanna use a feature called CSS modules here. Now CSS modules is in the end an approach, you could say, an approach that's implemented by projects created with Vite or Create React App where the classNames you set in your CSS files and which you then use in your HTML or JSX code are under the hood transformed to guaranteed unique classNames so that name clashes are avoided. And by using .module in the CSS file name, you tell Vite or Create React App that you want to use this CSS modules feature. Now for this post component I prepared some styles, which you'll find attached and I just pasted them into this Post.module.css file these attached styles and we can now use them by going back to Post.jsx and in there we now first of all have to import this CSS file. Now in main.jsx, a CSS file is imported by simply using the import keyword and then the path to the CSS file name. When using CSS modules this syntax must change a little bit. We do still import from that path so in this case from Post.module.css, which is the relative path to that CSS file seen from that Post.jsx file. But instead of just importing the file like this, we import classes or styles, the name is up to you, from that file so you must use this import syntax. And this under the hood will then kick off that CSS className transformation process that's supported by the project we have here. And the classes thing we get here is in the end an object where any classNames used by you in the CSS file will be available as property names. And then the values for these property names will be the transformed unique classNames. So we can use this classes object to set the className on this div to classes.post, .post because in Post.module.css I have a post CSS class selector. And as I just said, those classes which are defined with class selectors in the CSS file will be picked up by some behind the scenes process that's part of the project and will be converted to unique classNames. And the unique className is then yielded as a value for this post property on the classes object, which is imported from the CSS file. So we get some behind the scenes transformation magic going on here and we can then also add a class in here to the author, classes.author in this case because in my Post.module.css file I also have an author class. I also have a text class and this text class can (indistinct) be assigned down here. And please note that I'm always using this dynamic expression syntax with the curly braces to refer to the values stored under these properties on this classes object. And with that done, we now got this style still not the final look I wanna have but a great step closer to the intended final result. And if you now inspect this in the developer tools, you will see that there we have these CSS classNames being assigned and these are clearly not the classNames to find in my CSS file. Instead, these are the transformed classNames because as I mentioned, that's what this CSS modules feature does under the hood. And that's their for another possible approach you can use for styling your components. And it is the approach I'll use in this course here but as mentioned in my Complete Guide course, I also show alternatives to that.