So what's the idea behind state? Well, the idea is in the end that the websites you're building typically have different states in which they can be. If you have a dynamic website so a website where things change after it was loaded as it's the case here where we want to change some text after it has been first rendered. If you have a website like this then your website in the end has different states. This text here is one state, and if I enter another text here and this text down there is updated, that's a different state in which our application is in the end. And React allows you to manage such different states so that it then takes care of updating the user interface as your states change. So in order to use this state feature to update this text down here, as we type something up here we have to do two main things. We have to register such a state and we have to set up an event listener that tells React whenever we type here so that we tell React when the state should be updated. And let's start with the event listener first. For that, we got this new post component here and in this new post component, we for example wanna listen to changes to this text area. So we wanna listen to key strokes in that text area. Now, in standard vanilla JavaScript, we would try to reach out to this text area with query selector, for example and then we could call add event listener to add an event listener to this element. For example, the key down event listener or the change event listener which will basically be triggered whenever the value entered into this text area changes, including cases where we paste a new value into this text area. So we might wanna listen to change and then trigger some function as this change event occurs. That's how we would handle it in vanilla Java script. However, this is also using the imperative approach where telling the browser that we want to get hold of the text area and add an event listener. And what should happen then. With React, we use a declarative approach instead as you learned and they offer with React, if you wanna add an event listener to this text area, you do that by adding a special prop, a prop that starts with on and then the name of the event to which you wanna listen for example, on key down. The important thing to note though is that you do have this Camel case notation where you start with a lower case character for the on, and then the words thereafter start with upper case characters. And for the change event, it's there for on change. So you add this prop to the text area here, for example to listen to the change event. Now you also must know React know what code should be executed when that change event occurs. And for that we can add a new function inside of this component function. And yes, you can have functions inside of functions that's not a React feature that's a standard JavaScript feature instead. And this function could be called change body handler. The name of the function is up to you but I prefer to have functions that end with handler if I plan to assign these functions to event listeners. But that's not required. Technically this function name is entirely up to you. However, now for on change you set this equal to a dynamic value and the dynamic value you wanna use here is your function. However, you don't execute the function so you don't add parentheses here. Instead you just use the function name because in JavaScript, again, standard JavaScript, not React specific functions are totally normal values like strings or numbers or objects. Indeed functions under the hood are objects and therefore you can pass functions to props just as you can pass numbers or text to props. So here we're passing the change body handler function as a value to the on change prop. And under the hood React will set up an event listener for the text area and set this function, the change body handler function as a target for the event listener. So to be executed when that change event occurs, and inside of that function, we can therefore now do whatever we wanna do. We'll automatically get an event object as a argument as a parameter, and that that also would be the case in vanilla JavaScript when using Ad Event listener there the function which we set as a second argument also automatically gets an event argument by the browser. And the same is true here when using React. And that event parameter simply holds some useful information about the event that occurred including the event target, which in this case is the text area. So instead whilst the target of the change event if it occurs here, and then there we could get the value property and then for example, lock this to the console for the moment. Now this is vanilla JavaScript code here. We get access to the target Of the event and the target is the text area element. And that turns out to have a value property which holds the value entered by the user. So with this code, we're not doing anything with state yet. We'll get to that later but we are setting up an event listener and we're then logging the value entered into the text area by the user who's on the website. Therefore, If you save everything and you open the developer tools and go to the console there and reload the site if you enter something here you see that for every keystroke the current value is being logged here into the console. Now if I cut this and reload and paste it in it's all the logged here because as I said the change event is all the triggered if you paste something into this input area. So that's how you can set up event listeners. And whilst this is not directly related to this state concept it's still kind of an important prerequisite because whilst you can use State without events you very often want to change to a different state upon the occurrence of a certain event be that a value entered into an input or a button being pressed. Typically, you wanna change something on the screen after a certain event occurred. And that's why it's important to understand how you can set up event listeners. And this is how you can do it with React. You define your function, then this special on prop, and then you link your event listener to the function that should be executed by passing the function as a value to the event listening prop. And you then get this event object automatically passed into this event listening function by React.