Now whilst it's nice that we have this overlay here it's not that nice that we can't get rid of it. I can type something here, and you see that it gets updated in the background. But of course it would be great if we could close this modal somehow. For example, by clicking on that backdrop on that transparent black background. So how could we achieve this behavior? Well, in the end, again, with help of state. You could say one state should be that the modal is visible, and the never state should be that it's not visible. And then for example, by clicking on that background we wanna update the state and switch it from is visible to is not visible. And then we wanna display this entire modal conditionally based on that state. So it's in the end a three step process: register and use state, add an event listener to this backdrop, and then use that state to show, or not show, this modal. So to implement this, I'm back here in posts list JSX and I'll zoom out a bit since the code keeps on growing. And there we now don't just wanna manage these two values that can be submitted or entered through that form, but I instead now also want to add an additional state slice here with useState. And the position does not matter if it's the first the second, or the last state, this does not matter. But here the default value should for example, be true because here I won't manage some text as a state value, but instead the modal is visible state. The name is up to you, but you should try to describe what's controlled by that state. And here I want to control the modal visibility. So I'll name it, modal is visible and the updating function could be called "set modal" is visible. And by default here it's true. So that we start with the mod being visible. Of course this alone doesn't do much. We now also need to add some code to change this if we click on this background here. Now to achieve this, we can go to the modal component because here we got that background. It's this div here. And there we can add the on click event listener. Click is another default event. And on click is there for a prop we can add to set up a listener to the click event on that div. And the function that should be executed should now not be defined here in this modal. But again, in posts list. So again, we're lifting the state up. Here we can add a new function. Show model handler for example. Or in our case actually the hide modal handler, because that's what we want to do if the backdrop is clicked. And here we can call set modal is visible and set it to false as a new state value. Now we have to pass this function as a value to the modal component here. So here we could add a prop called on close. It's your component. So to prop them is up to you. And pass the hide modal handler as a value to on close, again without parenthesis, passing the function itself as a value rather than the return value of that function. Which is what we would pass if we would have parentheses here. So we passed the function itself. And since I named the prop on close here in the model component, we can now also restructure this on close prop here, and set it as a value to on click. So that this function, which we receive on the on close prop is set as a value for the on click prop. Hence wiring this click listener up to this height modal handler function in the end. Now with that, we have a way of updating the state but right now we still wouldn't see any effect on the screen because we're not doing anything with that modal is visible state. We're updating it, but we're not using it thereafter. And that's the last step. Now we wanna render this modal conditionally. Based on our state. So the goal is to only render this piece of code here. This JSX code, if modal is visible is true. Now how can we achieve this? Again, with a dynamic value so with single curly braces. But now we don't just wanna output modal is visible. We don't just wanna output true or false, but instead we wanna control what's being shown on the screen. We could achieve this with a ternary expression. If that's true. And for that, we can also just check mod is visible. We want to output this content. And indeed you can cut and paste that content here after the question mark. And then add a colon here, since I'm writing a ternary expression where we also define what should be rendered if this is false. And that could be null. Null is something you can output as part of your JSX code and it will simply lead to nothing being rendered here. Alternatively, you could also set this to false and this would also render nothing. If I now save this, you see, by default this is open, which should make sense because our default state value is true for modal is visible. But if I click on this backdrop, it disappears And it disappears because I set the state to false. That's what we do here. And thanks to this ternary expression, it's then this L's that becomes active. And if you output false, or null here, nothing gets displayed on the screen in this place in your JSX code. The other parts, like this list, are still being output, but this content to be precise, is now rendered conditionally. With help of the ternary expression. Now there are other approaches, as well. We could, for example, add a variable modal content and by default set that to nothing, so to undefined. And then check if modal is visible is true. And in that case, set modal content to this JSX code. You can store JSX code in variables, as well. You can not just return it in functions. You can use it anywhere where a value is wanted. And then down here in the JSX code we do return, we could now just refer to modal content. And this would now either be nothing, undefined, which also leads to nothing being output on the screen. Or it's this content. Now we are using a variable here, but we'll see the updated content nonetheless, because we are using a state value, which is updated with our State updating function here in the posts list component. So this variable will only receive a new value if the state was updated with that state updating function and therefore this component function was executed again. Hence we'll see the updated JSX snapshot being reflected on the screen. So with that code, if I reload the page, it will still close if I click on the backdrop. And one last alternative, which I want to show you, though this here is a great approach, since it's also quite readable, is that you go back here in your JSX code, and instead of writing a ternary expression you use the modal is visible, state value again, and then the logical and operator here, to then define the content that should be output. If modal is visible, is truthy. So if it's true, in this case. Due to the way JavaScript works it will now output this content only if this value here is truthy, if it's true, and otherwise it will output nothing. Or to be precise, it will output the falsey value, false in this case. And that, as you learned, will lead to nothing showing up on the screen. So here we're using standard JavaScript to render nothing, or the modal. So that's another approach of making sure that we can hide it. And no matter which approach you prefer, all three approaches are fine. But that's how you can render content conditionally.