So let's now make sure that we actually have a form where we have a submit button, and maybe also a cancel button to cancel editing and close the modal, but that we have a submit button which when pressed adds a new post and our list or our grid of posts then keeps on growing as we add more posts. To achieve this, back in the new post component we first of all have to add some buttons there. For this, here at the end of the form, we can add a new paragraph which should receive a class name of classes-dot-actions. Since I prepared a class named actions, in the CSS file which then, will style these buttons accordingly. Now, in this newly added paragraph we should add two buttons. Now the second button will have a caption of submit. The first button will have a caption of cancel. However, by default, if you add buttons to a form, if they are pressed, they will submit that form. This means that a submit event will be generated and also that by default the browser will generate and send an HTTP request to the server that's serving the website. Now we don't want that, and we'll prevent it therefore, because we want to handle the input with our client side code instead with React instead not with server side code here. But besides that, I also want to make sure that not both buttons submit the form, instead only the submit button should do so, not the cancel button. To make sure that the cancel button does not trigger form submission, we can and should give it a type attribute which we set to button. The alternative which we can set on the submit button is type submit. But this is not required since status to default anyways. Now this button button here, will now not submit the form when clicked. Instead, it should close the form and to ensure that it does, I'll accept a new prop here. And I'll actually also use Object Destructuring here to get my on-body-change and on-author-change prop so that we can get rid of props-dot here in these two places. But I'll now also accept a new prop as mentioned which could be named on-cancel. Name is up to you. But I do expect to get a function on this prop because I want to connect it to the on-click prop here, so that in the end, an event listener is set up triggering the function, which will be received on the on-cancel prop. Now this on-cancel prop therefore must be set here on the new post component and it should be set to a function that will close that modal. Now for that we have the on-stop-posting prop which we're already receiving here on posts-list, which if you remember, will in the end trigger hide-modal-handler, which is exactly what should get triggered, so I can reuse the on-stop-posting prop here and set it as a value for the on-cancel prop. So with that, if we save everything and we open our modal, we now got these buttons and if I click cancel the modal closes. But now let's make sure that we can also submit that form.