By now, we learned a lot about the most essential React features you must know to get started building Reactive user interfaces with React. But the demo app, the demo website we built thus far of course only works in the browser. There It works absolutely fine, but if we add posts and we then reload this site, all the data is lost because at the moment it's only stored in memory whilst this React app, this JavaScript app in the end is running in React. And that's really important is a frontend JavaScript library. You use it to build a user interface. It powers your web user interface with JavaScript in the end, and it therefore executes in the browser. Indeed, what we're building with ReactJS in most cases is a so-called single page application and application a website where we in the end have only one single HTML file this index html file here, and then everything that happens on the screen is powered by JavaScript. So if we open a model here, that's not a new page not a new HTML file that's being downloaded or opened. Instead it's the existing page being edited by JavaScript the DOM being edited by JavaScript. If I view this page source here, I just see the basically empty HTML file, this index html file that was downloaded initially. But in this file we have this script import, which in the end imports our Java script, our React application and its stat application that then edits the DOM so that the actually rendered DOM has far more elements than the initial HTML file. So we use React to build this interactive front end, and in the end what we're building is a single page application. But it would of course be nice if the posts that we create here would not just be stored locally in memory so that they're lost whenever we reload this and so that also no other users can see them. But if we instead had some backend to which we can send requests and from which we get back responses where the data could then be stored in a actual database. So with backend, I mean a separate web application a web api, rest api, for example, running on some server so not in the browser of our users, but on some server owned by us, for example, and that backend api, that rest API could be built with any language or framework of your choice, not necessarily with JavaScript and typically not with React, since React is not really a backend library, I'm saying not really because there are frameworks like Next JS or Remix on which I also got courses that build up on top of React and allow you to blend backend code into your React app. But React itself is not a backend library. Instead, it really focuses on allowing you to build interactive user interfaces as you learned. But we still might want to be able to store data on some backend, in some database, for example. And for that we need such a backend api either a third party API or an API built by us and then that api, that backend service could interact with files or with databases or anything like that so that our frontend application the React app then can send HTTP requests to the backend so that some data gets stored there or so that we fetch some data from the backend which is then returned to the frontend through an HTTP response. That is something we might want for this demo app here. And for that reason attached you find a link to a dummy backend project, a dummy rest API in the end built with Node and Express JS. So no React code here and you don't need to know node or express to follow along because this backend API is already finished. And what I'm doing here in this backend API is I'm storing some data in a post dot JSON file. We could also use a database but that would simply require some extra setup. So for this demo, I'm just using this file we're storing some data there and we're fetching some data from there. And I provide various REST API endpoints that allow us to get a single post or create a new post. And then I got all the logic for doing those tasks in here in this api. And therefore if we start this backend server locally on our machine for this demo, we can add code to this frontend application to this React application for it to reach out to this backend. And of course, if you would deploy this you would have two different servers with two different domains. Here we can run both on our local machine and simply use different ports to simulate different servers and domains. This backend application listens on port 8080 and we can start it by first of all, running NPM install to install all dependencies that are required and then running NPM start to start that node server. And just as the front end development server you should keep that server up and running as long as you wanna be able to send requests to this backend. So now with that back at up and running we can go back to the front end and add some code to it that allows us to send requests to that back and to create new posts, and of course to fetch posts as well.