So how can we fetch posts when we first visit or reload this page? Well, for that, you could, of course, say that you go to PostsList because that's where we need the posts. And we also send a fetch request here. We target the same URL as before because if we take a look at the backend, we see that in the end, a get request to /posts gives us all our posts. And then here, we already send a get request because as mentioned, that's the default for the fetch function so we don't need to configure this request. And now what? Well, now in the end, I wanna make sure that we update our posts here whenever we got a response. Well, for that, you could try to use async await like this but this is not really supported. Your component functions must return JSX code or some other values but promises should not be returned, at least for this standard component here without using any extra framework on top of React or anything like that. So promises may not be returned and since adding async in front of a function always ensures that this function returns a promise because any data returned by the function gets wrapped into a promise, we must not use async here and we therefore can't use await here. But of course, we could use the standard old school way of handling the response, and add the then method here to get our response and then return response.json to unpack the data from the response because that's how you do it with this response. There is a JSON method, which then ultimately gives you the data that was sent back from the server. And that data that's sent back is an object with a posts key that holds all the fetched posts. So we could add another then block here and then access data.posts, and there to be precise, we might want to call setPosts and set our posts to data.posts. But we should not do that. You should not save that, you should not write this code because if you would write this code, it theoretically would update the state with the new posts but it would cause an infinite loop, and why would it do that? Well, simply because whenever you update your state, as you learned, your component function gets executed again by React. That's one of the key ideas of React that updating the state causes the component function to be executed again, so that React can update the UI if needed. However, if this component function executes again, this fetch request also gets sent again. So we sent another request, we get data, we update the state and the loop begins again. So this is not code we wanna write like that. It would cause an infinite loop. So therefore, since that's not the solution for fetching the posts, how should we do it? Well, this is, of course, a common problem and therefore, React has a solution. It has another hook we can use. Now, the hook we can use to solve problems like this where we effectively wanna cause a side effect in our component function, so where we wanna trigger some action that does not directly influence the JSX code but maybe indirectly in the future or that does anything else that's not related to rendering the UI. In such cases, we get another hook we can use and that would be the useEffect hook, which is there to wrap side effects. useEffect allows you to safely run code like this without causing an infinite loop but how does it work? Well, you execute useEffect like this. And unlike useState, it does then not return a value. Instead, it takes a function as a value and as a second argument, an array. So two arguments that must be passed to useEffect: a function and an array. Now, I'll come back to the array in the future. Let's first focus on the function. This function will be executed by React for you whenever it considers this effect to require execution, and I'll get back to when it considers this effect to require execution in just a couple of seconds but I can tell you that this second argument, this array has something to do with it. We can, however, now grab our code and put it in there and we could now also actually wrap it into an extra function. fetchPosts could be the name, which is an async function, which is defined inside of the effect function so that we can move our code in there and actually use await to get our response. And then also get our responseData by awaiting response.json so that we have this more readable code. And then we update our posts with the resData.posts. I created this extra function in this effect function, instead of turning the effect function itself into an async function because useEffect takes a function that should not return a promise itself but that instead should return nothing or a cleanup function, which is not too important for us here, which I do, of course, cover in my Complete Guide course, but which we can ignore here. But we should not return a promise here for this effect function and therefore, we should not add async here. Instead, I create an inner nested function, which I then simply immediately execute inside of this effect function. And this trick allows me to use async await in here. But back to the effect function itself and the idea behind it. As mentioned, React will now decide when this function gets executed and therefore, when this function gets executed indirectly. And I can tell you that now with this setup here, it will not always get executed when this component function executes. Instead, if we save this code, and we reload the page, you see that now this post appears magically and that's, of course, the post from the backend. And there we can prove this. If I go to the backend, and I would edit the body here in posts.json, and save the updated file, and I then go back to this app and reload, you see that was uploaded here as well. So this data is coming from the backend thanks to useEffect. But how exactly is this function working and why is it now not causing an infinite loop? This useEffect function here, this hook is now preventing an infinite loop from occurring by simply making sure that this effect function does not always execute when the component function executes. It executes sometimes when the component function executes. Otherwise we wouldn't have fetched the posts but not always. But when does it execute? Well, that's controlled with this second argument that's passed to useEffect, this array here. This array in the end specifies the dependencies of your effect function. And a dependency is simply any variable or function that might be defined outside of this effect function anywhere in your React components, in this component or some parent component passed down through props. And whenever such a variable or function defined outside of the effect function changes, receives a new value, for example, this effect function will be executed again. Now, if we have an empty array, it simply means this function has no dependencies and therefore, it will never be executed again. Instead, React will only execute it once and that's when this component is first rendered. And technically, it gets executed after the component first rendered, so theoretically, the component first renders without any posts and then it immediately executes this effect function where the posts get updated. But that's all so fast that we only see the final state here where the posts are fetched. But that's how this executes. And this now gives us fine-grained control over when this executes. So that's how we can handle side effects, like sending HTTP requests. Again, we, of course, dive deeper into effects and all these things in my Complete Guide course because that's the idea behind that course, but that's in a nutshell what you must know about useEffect and how it can help you, for example, for fetching data when a component is first rendered.