Now with routing added, we added another crucial feature to this application, a feature which is especially important in more complex web applications you might be building with React. And React router, at least if you have version 6.4 or higher installed, also offers some amazing features that go beyond picking the right component for the right path. Instead, React router, when using version 6.4 or higher also helps with data fetching and data submission. And that's now the last part we're also going to explore in this crash course. Because of course here we are fetching data, in the Posts component, we have the PostsList component, and in there, we are fetching data. We have this useEffect hook here where we load our posts and set our posts. We also have to code for sending postData here but that code isn't used at the moment anymore and I'll get back to that later. But when it comes to fetching data, we could stick to useEffect. But when using React router version 6.4 or higher, we have a more convenient way of doing so. Because with that version, you can go to your route definitions to the route that needs data, so the Posts route here, for example, and you can add a loader property to that route definition. Now the loader property expects to get a function as a value, and React router will execute that function whenever that route gets activated, so whenever it's about to render this element. That's when this function gets executed and you can therefore use this function to load and prepare any data that might be needed by this route component or any other component used as part of that route, so any nested component used inside of the Posts component, for example. Now therefore, we could add the data fetching logic for sending that HTTP request here. But to keep this main JSX file lean, it's more common to go to your route component file, so in this case, the Posts.jsx file, and there, export an extra function, which typically is called loader though the name is up to you. But loader is a common convention since this will be the function that will be assigned to that loader property in the route definition. Now that loader function here still executes on the client side. It's still code that executes in the browser. And therefore, in there, you can do whatever you wanna do that could be done anywhere else in this app as well. Here I wanna fetch my posts. And therefore, I'll go to the PostsList component and copy these two lines of code here. The state updating code does not matter here because this loader function executes outside of the component and can't manipulate component state. You will still see how we then get the posts into the component a little bit later. So I cut the code for fetching data, and back in Posts.jsx, I'll paste it into this loader function. Now since I used the await keyword here, we should add async in front of that function to unlock that keyword, and we can't do that because this function which will be assigned to this loader property can be an async or a synchronous function. It may return a promise or it may not. React router does not care about it. But if it does return a promise, React router will wait for that promise to resolve before it then renders this route component, so this element which you specified here. And therefore here we can use async and then send our request to fetch all posts and extract the data. And then, that's the important part, we can return the data that we wanna expose to the element that is rendered for the active route. So in this case, resData.posts. I return that as part of this loader. And then in main.jsx, we can import this loader by editing this import here where we import the posts component function. And there, we can also import this loader, and I'll give it an alias since we might have more loaders from different routes and we don't wanna have name clashes. We could name this postsLoader, but of course this name is up to you. So in the end, it's now this loader function here which is assigned as a value for this loader property in this route definition. And therefore, React router will execute this function and wait for the promise to resolve before it then renders this element. And the data we return here in this loader is actually exposed to this element. React router will make sure that the data returned here can be accessed in this route element or in any nested component, so also in postsList, for example, that's what we can go to postsList. And there, we can now import and never hook from react-router-dom, and that would be the useLoaderData hook. Now this hook can be called inside of the component function. Like all Hooks, it must only be used inside of component functions in the end and that gives us the data that is returned by this loader that's assigned to this route which is the route that is active when the postsList component is rendered. So here I get my posts in the end because in my loader here, I'm returning the posts. So that's what I get here with help of use loader data. Therefore, we can get rid of that posts state. We can also get rid of the IsFetching state because the loading state of this route and this route component will be handled differently soon. And we can also get rid of this entire useEffect call here because we don't useEffect for data fetching anymore. Instead, we use this feature provided by React router. We therefore should also remove these imports of useState and useEffect. And then down there in the code, we no longer have this isFetching condition because we no longer have this isFetching state, so that should go away. And we also don't need to check for isFetching here anymore. I do, however, still want to check for whether we have posts or not. And posts is now simply coming from use loader data which gives us the data returned by the loader that was called for this route which is active at the moment. With that, if we save this, if I reload, you see nothing for a short period and then it actually loads the page and shows us the posts. And we see nothing initially because now the behavior is that as long as the loader executes, this route element isn't rendered. So React router waits for the loader to finish before it renders this element. And actually here, this even means that nothing is rendered on the screen if we first navigate to this page. If I instead navigate to this page after closing this page, it actually executes this behind the scenes and therefore then we don't get stuck and have an empty page for a brief moment. But if we visit this page for the first time, we see nothing initially until everything has been loaded. Now, this might not be the behavior you want and React router also gives you ways of showing pages earlier and not waiting for the loader to finish. And I do dive into more advanced React router features that help you in such situations as well in the complete guide course, but it's a bit beyond the scope of this crash course. The important takeaway here simply is that this loader is executed before this element is rendered. And whilst this might not be ideal in case of a slow back and as we have it here, it's a great solution for all cases where you don't have a slow backend. Because if I go back to my backend code and comment out this timeout here so that we don't have this slowdown on the backend anymore and I then restart this backend server, you now see that it loads pretty much instantly if I reload this page. And therefore now we have a great user experience again but we have way less code that must be written inside of the component since we're using this loader feature. And again, for situations with slow backends, there also would be solutions. And therefore you can handle all these scenarios with less code, which is of course great since it decreases the complexity of your app and means less work for you as a developer.