So it's great that we can now load data with that loader feature but what about submitting data? What about creating a new post? At the moment, this doesn't work. And of course, it should work. And for that, we can also leverage React Router. It's the NewPost component where we have this form in the end. And we've got a bunch of code for getting the user input and for then preventing the default behavior of the browser and doing something with the data. Now, what we could do is we could grab that code for sending that data to the backend, and cut it from addPostHandler here and actually get rid of addPostHandler in PostsList, making this component even leaner. And instead add it here in this NewPost component instead of calling onAddPost and onCancel. Instead of doing that, we could send that postData to the backend right from inside the NewPost component. And indeed, this would work but it's still a bunch of code we would have to write here, especially since we probably also wanna close the modal thereafter, which means that we then also have to add extra code for navigating to a different route programmatically. A better and more elegant approach is to also use a special feature offered by React Router because just as you can add loaders to your routes to load data before it gets activated and before the component gets rendered, you can add actions to routes. So to this route here, the create-post route, we can add an action by setting the action property. And just like loader, action wants a function as a value. This function, however, will now be triggered when a form is submitted in that route, which means that here in the NewPost component, we could export such a action function to again have that code close to the component to which it belongs. And then in here, we could add our code for sending that request. Like this. Now, we still need to get the postData but that's how we could get started. But how do we now get the data that's entered into the form by the user? Well, previously, we had to manage our own state for that. Now when we embrace React Router, this all gets much leaner again. We can delete that state and delete these functions that updated the state. We can also delete this submitHandler and therefore, also delete the useState import. And get rid of the onSubmit event listener on the form element and get rid of the onChange listeners on the inputs. So we already got rid of a lot of code here. And instead, all we have to do here is add a name attribute to our inputs. So in this case, to the text area here. And then assign a name, which we later wanna use for extracting and submitting our data. So for example, here my posts have a body, and an author field here. And if I wanna stick to that to body and author, I could give my text area here the name body, and this here, the name author. So that I already used the keys which I wanna use for storing my data here on these inputs. But what's the idea behind this name attribute? Well, it's a default HTML attribute that can be added to form inputs and by default, if a form is submitted, the browser will, as mentioned earlier, generate a request and it will try to send it to the server that served that website, which would be wrong because that server that's serving that website doesn't have any code to handle this request with the form data on the backend because we have no backend code as part of this React app. But that's now where React Router comes in. We can import a special component from React Router, and that would be the Form component with a capital F. And if we use that instead of the regular built-in Form element, React Router will handle the form submission and it will prevent that browser default of sending a request but it will still gather all the input data, still generate an object with that data for us, and that's the important part, call the action that is assigned to the route, which contains the form, the form with the capital F. So therefore now with this Form component being used, React Router will in the end make sure that this action here gets executed and therefore, we can now also import this action function, which I'm exporting here in NewPost. Import this from the NewPost component file here. The action. And maybe also give it an alias in case we had multiple actions from different routes to avoid clashes. That could be the newPostAction therefore. And assign that as a value for the action property down there, like this. So that in the end, it's now this action function that will be executed by React Router if this form here is submitted. Now one last thing I'll do here is I'll add the method prop here to this Form component and set it to post. Now, it's important to understand that no actual post request will be sent anywhere because this is still all client-side code but what React Router will do behind the scenes is it will generate a request object with that form data included in it. And it will give this request object a method, which we could then use here on the action to find out which form was submitted when this cation was triggered in case we had multiple forms that belong to the same route with the same action. And even without that, it's kind of a good idea to use the semantically correct HTTP verb and since we're creating a new post here, the post method makes sense because that's typically the HTTP method that is used for creating resources. So with that, no request is sent to the backend. Instead, this action will be executed and here, you actually get some data argument. This is passed in automatically by React Router. And that's not the data of the form, instead that is an object, which for example, has a request property with that request object that's generated and built by React Router. So React Router calls this action function and passes this object that includes the request object that was generated to this action function. Therefore here, we can actually use object destructuring to get hold of that request object like this. And now this request object has a formData method. And when you execute that formData method, you get access to the data encoded in that form, so the data that was extracted by React Router when it analyzed that form and called that action. Now, formData actually yields a promise, so we should turn this into a async function so that we can use await. And then here we got our formData object. And that is a rather complex object. It's not a plain key-value store. Instead, it's a object that, for example, has a get method, which you could call to get the value provided for the body field, like this. That's how you could then extract the data that was provided by the user. Now, an easier approach here is to instead create a postData constant and use the built-in Object class and call fromEntries and pass this formData object to it. Under the hood, this will simply then create a basic key-value object where you have a body key with some value, and an author key with some value in our case here since we have body and author as named values in this form. So that's how we can extract the formData with help of React Router. Again, all still happening on the client side here. And therefore now we got the postData we need for sending that request. Here we can also await this to wait for the request to be sent. We could also get the response and analyze the response, for example, to find out if something went wrong but I'll not do that here. And instead now, after sending this request, we can also call another function provided by react-router-dom and that would be the redirect function. This is imported from react-router-dom and you can call it in your action and loader functions to return the result of calling this function here. Now, what redirect does is it generates a response object, which in the end is then returned by this action. And if you return such a response object, React Router will look into that object and if it's a redirect response, which is the kind of response that is generated by calling redirect, React Router will simply move to that different route to which you're trying to redirect. So here we could path a path of slash here to make sure that after this action was called, we actually make React Router load a different route, the route with the path slash, which in this case is, of course, this route. So that we leave the create-post route and we move to this route instead. That's how we can initialize this navigation action. Again, all performed by React Router here. There is no backend code involved here. We're just sending a request to the backend but this code here all runs on the client side in the browser. But with that all added, if we save everything and we go back and go to the New Post area and try to add a new post, like this, you see I am redirected. This new post shows up here. If I reload, it still shows up here, so it was indeed sent to the backend. We can also see it in posts.json there. And therefore, this proves that this action works the way it should and we're now using React Router for sending and for fetching data. And as a result, you can see that our components got much leaner. We don't have to manually keep track of what was entered. We don't have to manually handle the form submission and prevent the default. We have to do none of that. We instead embrace React Router for sending and getting data, for navigation between pages, and that's why React Router is awesome. Also, for simple demos like this one, but especially, of course, for more complex websites.