Now with all that done there's one last thing I wanna implement one last feature and that is that I can click on one of these posts here and if I do that it simply opens as an overlay. Just as new post but with the details of that post which I clicked. To make that happen we must add a new route first of all. And that should be a route nested into this post route since I want to have that same overlay effect as I do for a create post. So I'll add a new route definition here. And now the question is what should be the path and the path in the end should be slash and then the idea of the post for which I wanna load the details. And that's really important. I need to have that idea included in the path so that once the route becomes active I can take a look at the path, get the idea off the post for which I wanna load the details from there and then load those details from the backend and display them on the screen. Therefore we actually have different values for this path here. For one post it could be this ID and for another post it would be this ID. Of course we can't register all these routes here because we don't know in advance how many IDs we'll have and what the concrete values will be. Instead we add a placeholder by adding a colon here. And then any name of our choice like ID or Post ID that's up to you. I'll pick just ID. We can also add a slash here to make this an absolute path or omit the slash to make it a relative path simply appended after the path of the parent route we could have done the same thing for create post. That's up to you. Here I'll stick to absolute paths but that's not required. So that's how we set up a dynamic route as it's called with a dynamic path parameter. Now we also need a new component that should be rendered when this route becomes active. And for that attached you find the post details component with its JSX file and its module CSS file. Now this component here renders simply some details about the post which was loaded here included in a model and also with some fallback content if no post was found for the ID that was provided. And I'm using use loader data to get hold of the post. So I'm expecting to use a loader for loading the post for that route here when it becomes active. So we'll add that loader function in just a second. As a first step I instead wanna simply import this post details component from routes post details and then assign it here as an element post details like this. With that it's this component the post details component that will be rendered on the screen if we visit slash and then any post ID. However as mentioned of course here we need some loader data because I'm expecting to get my post data with help of a loader and they offer all export an async function called loader here in this newly added post details component. And back in main JSX we can also import this loader and assign an alias and that is why we use aliases by the way. Otherwise we would have two loader functions here and that would be a name clash that is not allowed. So therefore here I also assign in alias and name us post details loader for example and assign this to the loader property of this route definition down there. So with that we also got a loader here. And now in that loader of the post details component. I wanna send a request to this backend route here where I also have such a placeholder but that is express JS has nothing to do with React router it's just a common way of solving such dynamic path segments. But in the end we need to send a request to our backend domain slash posts and then slash the idea of the post which we want to fetch. And therefore here I'll again use the fetch function sent my request to HTTP local host 80 80 slash posts and then slash plus the ID of the post for which this route was activated. Now of course that will be different IDs so we need a way of getting the actual ID that was loaded for this exact time where this route was activated. And we can get that from a data object that's passed to loader. Just as action receives an object which for example includes a request property with details about that request object that was generated by a React router. The loader also receives an object which also it would've a request object but which more importantly has a Params object. This by the way also exists for action functions. And this Params object simply allows us to access the ID for this route here. And here I'm using dot ID because I chose ID as a placeholder here in the route definition. If you chose something different here like Post ID you would have to use that same identifier here like Post ID. This will give you the actual post ID that's included in the URL when this route is visited. And the will send such a request to the backend to fetch fetched details for that post. Now here we can await that to get our response. We can then get our response data by awaiting response dot Json. As we're doing it for fetching all the posts it's essentially the same code. And then here I simply wanna return rest data dot post dot post because my backend sends back an object with the post key that contains the post that was fetched. Or under find if no post was found but I handled that use case here in my component. So therefore now we're returning the single post here we're getting access to it here with use loader data in post details and we have registered this loader for this details route. Now with that all added we also must make sure that we can reach this route. And to achieve this I'll go back to my posts list component where I render my posts and therefore to the post component where I have the actual post. And here I wanna wrap that with a link. So I'll import the link component again from react-router-dom add it here and wrap the content here with that link. And then set the to path here to the ID to which I wanna navigate. Now this again should be dynamic because different posts have different ideas. Hence I expect to get the idea of my different posts as prop values here just as author and body are different for different posts. And then I set this to value here to a dynamic value which is near my ID generating a relative path to that ID. So it's simply appended after the currently active path. That should give us a link that leads to a post with a specific ID and to make sure it's styled properly I'll go to post module CSS and add a short new style here maybe below the post exact position doesn't matter where I'll target the anchor tech that's rendered by the link component and set text decoration to none. With that we just have to make sure that the value for the ID is passed to post. So in posts list where I render my posts I'm now also setting the ID prop and I set it to post dot ID because my posts now have IDs since they're coming from the backend and there an ID is added. We could also use that ID for the keynote by the way since it's a better unique identification criteria than the body. But we have to set the ID prop here on post so that there it can be used for the link. And with all that these items are now clickable and if we do click them we view the details about a post and we can click the backdrop to close this. So that's working as it should.